 A person runs to the basement door while eating a sandwich . The person tries to open the door but the doorknob is locked . Realizing the door is locked the person goes and does the dishes .
 A person is walking and putting a drink on a shelf and another person is putting a blanket on the bed .
 The person is standing in a doorway , wringing their hands . Another person comes into the rooms , sits down in front of a table , and starts picking up food from a bowl .
 a person walking into a room , sits on a bed with a roll of toilet paper , and eats a sandwich while looking into the distance .
 A person is rubbing their head with a towel and then takes a drink from a coffee cup while holding a bag .
 FROM THE STOVE IN THE KITCHEN , WHERE PERSON IS FIXING SOMETHING TO EAT , PERSON LOOKS OVER AT THE TELEVISION IN THE NEXT ROOM AND DECIDES ON EATING IN THERE INSTEAD .
 The person walked to the cabinet , opened the cabinet , removed a bag and placed it on a stool .
 A person sat up from sitting on the stairs and walked down to pick up a vacuum and start vacuuming the stairs .
 Person was fixing a broken doorknob in the basement . Person needed more help . Person began opening a browser on laptop that was sitting on the table . Youtube might be a good source to get an instructional video .
 One person is sitting and putting on shoes . Another person is lying down holding a chair above them while working on it .
 A person walk into a bathroom holding a medicine bottle . The person opens the medicine and begins to pour some onto a spoon and drink the medicine . The person then places the medicine bottle into a shower . The person picks up some homework and begins reading .
 A person runs into a living room and grabs a bag up , then the person starts taking books and magazines from the bag and places them on a chair , then the person puts the bag over their shoulder and runs out the front door .
 A person is looking in a mirror in the dining room while holding a pillow . The person puts a pillow on top of their laptop and laughs .
 A person dresses by putting a shirt on then the person sneezes . The person then leaves through the doorway .
 A person opens a cabinet door , pulls out a bottle and then closes the cabinet . The person then opens another cabinet and grabs a soda , and closes the cabinet . They drink the soda and leave
 A couple of people in a hallway .One person is undressing , the other person is carrying a vacuum.The people start laughing .
 In the bedroom , a person is playing the television and watching it . Another person is dressing by the wardrobe and is putting on their shoes .
 A person standing in front of a mirror takes off his hoodie then takes off his shirt while watching his reflection in the mirror .
 A person in the bathroom is washing their shoes in the sink . They stand on top of a chair and then attempt to start closing the door while on the chair .
 One person stands and opens , then closes , a laptop on a table . A sandwich and some dishes are on the table .
 A person is standing on the stairs holding a book . The person takes clothes out of a box on the stairs and fixes the collar of a shirt .
 A person is laughing while standing near a closet holding a homework book , they then put the book down on a chair and eat a small snack they got from their pocket .
 A person who is holding their phone in their hand and pacing sneezes twice , then walks over to a cabinet and opens it .
 A person is pouring a drink into a glass on a shelf . Then , running into the next room , the person sits down in front of the television .
 A person is putting on a tie in the bedroom . The person then takes a phone of their pocket and sets it in a box ( on a table ) .
 A person walks into a bathroom , closes a window , drops shoes onto floor , pulls up jeans , takes off a jacket , then hangs the jacket on a door knob .
 A person smiles as they go through a bag of groceries on the desk . The person opens one of the items and begins eating it .
 A person is sitting in a chair drinking coffee and eating food from a bag .
 The person walked in the bedroom with a backpack and closed the door . The person removed a laptop from the backpack and dumped the rest of the contents . Then the person placed their head in the backpack .
 A person in an entryway holding a broom sweeping . They pick up a bag take out a bottle and drink from it . They leave while grasping the bottle .
 A person is laying on the bed next to a vacuum while talking on the phone .
 Person is holding a vacuum , pushing it along . They laugh as they unplug it and pick up the broom to snuggle .
 A person walks up to a desk and takes a seat in a chair and eats something from the desk . The person reaches over to a lamp , and turns it on , then starts typing on a keyboard while looking at a computer monitor .
 A person is undressing on their stairs playing a game on the phone . The person puts the phone on the stairs and grabs a pile of dishes before leaving .
 A person is standing at a counter , eating a sandwich . A second person walks to the counter , writing on homework .
 The person is standing by a sink in a bathroom drinking water . The person walks out of the bathroom and stands by a table . The person picks an object from the table .
 A person kneels beneath their desk , using a vacuum to clean up some dirt . They stand up for a quick break and begin playing a short puzzle game on their phone .
 A person walks to the closet and opens the door . The person goes into the closet and then closes the door . The person walks to a table with a phone in the person 's hand .
 A person is snuggling with a towel and then smiling at a television in a bedroom .
 A person folds a blanket over themselves and they sit in a chair . After that they get up out of the chair .
 A running person comes into their hallway to look at a picture on the wall . They turn off the light and leave .
 The person went to the bathroom looked inside a bag on top of the sink took out something cleaned the thing with hands put the thing back in the bag , walked out of the bathroom
 A person pours water into a glass and drinks it . That same person then moves a sandwich that is sitting on a counter .
 person opens the shelf takes bottle and drinking water . then the person took a boom and holds it while drinking water
 A person sits and writes something on a piece of paper while eating a sandwich . The person then stands up to grab something out of a cabinet and hands it to someone else .
 A person is running down the stairs then is opening a refrigerator and takes out a bag .
 A person is holding a laptop and looks out the window . They sit down in a chair and begin drinking water and eating a sandwich .
 A person sets a cup of coffee down on a table and tidies a sofa . When they 're done they sit down on the sofa and drink their coffee .
 Person is pouring coffee back and forth from one cup to the other while another person laughs at him also holding a sandwich .
 A person is walking through a doorway holding a towel and eating food , they then walk aroudn the room .
 A person is in their bed watching movies on their laptop . They smile at the movie and leave the room .
 A girl is putting a folding table and hangers into a closet as another girl approaches with blankets and pillows , which she throws on the floor .
 Person A walks into the pantry with a bag of groceries . Person A begins unpacking the bag and laying the items on the shelf , tidying as they go .
 A person is standing in a bathroom talking on the phone . The person is laughing . Another person is walking into the bathroom , waving homework papers in the air .
 A person is standing on the stairs holding a folded towel and a broom . The person puts the towel on a stair and continues up with the broom .
 A person is lying a broom against the wall . They look through a doorway and smile .
 A person is putting a pan on the stove and starts fixing some eggs . The person then puts their food on a table and begins eating .
 A person opens a door and enters a room . The person then sits on the sofa and uses a remote . They then stand again .
 A person walks to refrigerator opening it and putting a box in . Person picks up a bottle of something up and pretends to pour it into cup and then pretends to drink it before walking away .
 A person in a closet is snuggling a blanket and grasping a book they would n't likely share with their family or friends . They begin to walk out of the closet , towards their bed .
 A child is standing in the kitchen holding a bottle of medicine and feeling the stickiness residue left on it before sitting it on the table .
 A person walks to the far side of the room , sneezes , and holds their phone in the air as if recording sound or taking a video .
 A person is standing in a kitchen in front of a refrigerator . The person is holding a phone and playing a game on the phone . The person the begins to sneeze .
 A person is working to clean up and organize his recreation room and begins the process by playing a quick video game and then grasping some boxes containing old dishes and bed linens to take to the Salvation Army for donation .
 A person in a recreation room is running around with a blanket around them . They appear to be cold . They stop and wash their hands at a sink and notice a box to the side of the sink .
 A person walks to a chair , picks up two items from the chair 's seat and walks away with the items . Then the person returns and stands behind the chair , removes their jacket , sets it down and walks away again .
 Person standing at stove putting water into a pot decides to take off shoes and then pours the water in the pot into the sink .
 This person is mixing something while standing in the living room , watching television , sets down the pot , picks up a pillow and tosses it .
 A person tidies up a closet by placing a box on the shelf neatly , then picks up a mirror lying on the shelf and smiles into it .
 A person sits at a desk working on a laptop , they take a drink of water then wash their face with some and begin laughing .
 A person is sitting on a pillow while working on a laptop . They occasionally have something to drink .
 A person is sitting at a table of groceries while drinking from a cup . Next the person begins doing homework .
 A person is sitting on the bed watching television and grasping a blanket . The person throws the blanket on the floor and takes a drink of a glass of water that is sitting on the desk .
 A person stands in their kitchen in front of the refrigerator with the door open smiling they open the produce cabinet and pull out an apple .
 A person is cooking at a stove then they begin to play with some food that 's on the counter .
 A person standing in front of a washer , takes shoes and put them in the washer and pulls out a pillow and continues to stand and wait .
 A person turns the light on over the stove and begins cooking . The person then starts throwing dishes in the sink .
 A person is seen standing with a pair of shoes in their hands . They then start sneezing and pick up a vacuum
 A person is sitting down at a table , writing and studying from a textbook . They slip off their slippers and take a drink from a glass of water .
 A person picks up an item off the floor and throws it on the bed . Then proceeds to clean the floor . The person on the bed was laying and then sat up and sneezed .
 A person is tidying dirty clothes lying on a couch and then using a vacuum in a living room .
 A person walks into the basement drinking coffee and turns off the television . The person puts the coffee down on the television and leaves the room .
 One person sneezes while fixing a broken desk , laughs , then leaves with a book .
 A person takes some things out of a refridgerator and tests them , closes the fridge , and then walks away .
 A person is looking at themselves in the mirror holding a doorknob and opening and closing the door .
 A person is eating in a dining room and then sneezes . Another person takes a picture of the person sneezing with a camera .
 A person is seen holding clothes which they put in their closet . They then take a sip of coffee and open a nearby cabinet .
 A person is sitting in the pantry , eating some food while talking on the phone . The person pauses the conversation to take a picture of themselves .
 A person is washing dishes in the sink . The person then starts taking a dish to the stove .
 A person wearing shoes is smiling as they wash the frame of a picture .
 A person steps in front of an open closet where they remove their shirt and shorts before stepping into the closet for a moment then stepping out with a blue towel around their hips .
 Person A is in a pantry fixing a faulty camera . Person A puts down the camera onto a pillow and closes the door .
 A person kneels while eating and trying to clean a door handle as another person sits in the background watching .
 A person lying in bed moves their head to the side . The person sits up and laughs at a tv and picks up their shoes from the floor .
 A person is seen running up the stairs with a camera . They then begin lying the camera on top of some clothes
 A person is standing by the stove and laughing . Then , sneezing , the person turns and bends to pick a pillow up off the floor .
 A person is smiling while lying on the clothes dryer . they are taking a selfie with the camera on their phone .
 The person is sitting on the steps . The person looks at the phone and puts it down . The person picks up a cup and drinks . The person puts down the cup and takes some food out of a bag and eats it .
 There is a person standing in the kitchen . That same person reaches into a cabinet and gets a box of cereal and pours it into a bowl . The same person takes the bowl and goes and sits at a chair at a table .
 A person stands at a stove and picks up a pan on the stovetop for just a second , then puts the pan back down before putting a bottle away in the fridge .
 A person snuggling a blanket wakes up and the stands next to the bed . He then pulls a book out from under the blanket .
 One person with a sandwich on a dish walks up to a cabinet , gets a glass and starts drinking .
 A man wearing a plaid shirt uses a laptop to complete an Amazon Mturk task , submits the task , drinks from a glass , and then continues work .
 Person walks in room carrying bag and wine glass . Then drinks wine and puts glass on counter , then digs in bag and takes something out and place on shelf . Then drinks out of glass again .
 A person is lying on the bed doing homework . They are surrounded by groceries . They stop doing the work , and play with the groceries for a moment . Then they lay on their back , and throw a blanket in the air repeatedly .
 A person is standing . The person then sneezes . The person walks across the room and bends down to reach for some food .
 A person is sitting in a chair putting on shoes and another person is playing with a broom .
 A person is sitting in a chair and playing with a phone . The person grabs a bag of chips and eats it . The person then gets up and leaves .
 A person is in a garage and appears to be working on/inspecting a vacuum cleaner . They appear to be consulting a book or instructions , attempting to repair the device .
 A person walks to and stands behind a chair with a dot standing on it . Another person is looking for something in a refrigerator .
 A person is snuggling a teddy bear while watching something on their laptop . Another person is sitting beside them drinking coffee from a mug .
 A person is sitting on the floor and working on homework . The person then stops , yawns , puts the homework down , picks up a blanket and lays down on it .
 A person is throwing some clothes down a flight of stairs . They almost throw a towel , but change their mind and put it around their neck . They snuggle the towel and then walk away .
 A person stands next to a bed and grabs a coat from the bed and puts it on . The person then grabs a box from the bed and throws it on the floor .
 a person getting a bottle out of a refrigerator , pouring a drink in a glass and drinking it then sitting the bottle and glass on a counter
 A person is lying down on a couch , messily eating a sandwich . Once they finish it , they sit up , look at a box filled with medicine on the table and smile .
 Person is sitting at a desk in their bedroom contemplating their homework . They then get up grasping a pillow and throw it at the window looking upset .
 In a closet , a person is trying to do homework . but ends up watching another person eating off of a mirror .
 A person walks in a garage and puts something onto a shelf . The person then takes out their phone and walks away with phone in hand .
 A person is laughing while on the phone then starts opening a window .
 A person is in bed under the covers . This person throws the blankets off , sits up , and puts their shoes on .
 A person is standing at a desk and eating a sandwich while looking over some homework/notes .
 A person holding a phone up to their listening walking down a hall.The person is laughing while on the phone comes to a door and opens it and closes it several times .
 A person picks up a laptop off of a char and sits in the chair and looks at the laptop . A person stands up and puts the laptop down . A person picks up a mug , drink from the mug and walks into the next room .
 A person awakens sitting at a table in a dining room holding a pillow . The person starts laughing a leaves .
 A person holding a sandwich in the doorway is putting groceries down and starts drinking water .
 A person opens the door to the living room and turns on the light . Another person , lying on the couch , quickly awakens and stands up .
 A person is walking down the hallway , holding a box that will be put away in the cabinet . A person then realizes the door is broken and then proceeds to fix it .
 Two people walk past each other . One person sneezes and the other person is holding some items in their hands .
 A person is walking up to the bathroom sink . The person then starts smiling while looking at the mirror .
 A person is kneeling in a hallway cleaning an air vent , the person then takes some medicine and then stands up .
 A person sitting in a chair in front of a staircase , then picks up an item off a table and walks out of the room .
 A person is dressing while their clothes lay on the chair in front of her . Then the person opens their laptop and begins playing on it .
 The person runs in the room holding a broom and starts to sweep the floor and then tosses a book on the bench and then leans the broom up against the wall and starts to eat and juggle fruit and then starts to run out of the room .
 A person is standing by a window . The person sits in a chair and continues to look out the window intently .
 A guy is standing in a hallway holding a pillow . He tosses the pillow . There is a box at his feet and he nudges the box .
 A person is in their recreation room relaxing to a book under a dim light , after a long night after working , they sat their smiling in comfort .
 A person held a laptop . The person then opened the laptop then closed it again . The person then took off some clothes , played with his phone and lied down on the couch . The person then covered themself with a blanket .
 A person is walking around the room hiking their pants up while another person is sitting in a chair reading .
 A person combs his hair with his hands while looking at himself in a mirror , then picks up a yellow rubber tube and plays with it .
 A person is standing at the entryway holding a box . The person is eating a cookie.. The person opens the doorknob of the door at the entryway then closes it .
 A person is coming out of the closet , they then sit on a chair in front of a mirror , they fix their hair before taking a picture of themselves .
 A person walks down a staircase wearing a backpack and staring at their phone . The person then walks into another room .
 A person watches themselves in the mirror while putting on their shoes . The person smiles .
 Two people in a bathroom . One person sweeping the floor behind the toilet making their way towards the sink . Other person walks in looks at the floor and continues to make their way out of view .
 A person walks into a bathroom , turns on the sink , steps up onto a stool and looks in the mirror .
 A person is smiling as they turn the doorknob then they throw their clothes on the floor .
 A person is putting plates on a shelf in a kitchen while a second person is working on a door or door frame in the entryway of the house .
 Two people are in a living room . One wearing a green shirt pulls a blanket from underneath an entertainment center . The other is trying on jackets that he then puts on a couch .
 A person is sleeping in bed . They move around a little bit and continue sleeping .
 A person is sitting on a couch inside of a living room and doing something on their black laptop .
 A person is eating some food while drinking a cup of coffee . The person puts the food and coffee down , and sits down on the toilet .
 Person A is in a bathroom snuggling with a stuff animal . Person A sneezes and grasps a bottle of medicine from the medicine cabinet and reaches for the doorknob to leave .
 A person in their living room is watching the television . They begin throwing a box around the room while playing on their phone .
 A person is in the bathroom and there is an empty box in the sink . The person picks up the box and throws it to the floor while laughing .
 A person is standing at the bottom of some stairs holding a pair of shoes and looking at something , they put the thing down on the floor and begin laughing at it .
 Person 1 is watching TV on the sofa while drinking coffee . Person 2 then runs in , turns the light off , and snuggles with person 1 on the sofa .
 A person is kneeling on the floor , rummaging through an under-sink cabinet . The person closes the cabinet and stands up . The person takes a towel from the counter and folds it .
 Person trying to fix a wardrobe door , when finished goes to the table for a drink , picks up a blanket , and throws it toward the wardrobe .
 The person sat in the chair and opened the book . The person read the book for a little bit and then threw the book on the floor . Then the person got out of the chair .
 One person tidies up by putting away food in the refrigerator and throwing out old sandwiches .
 A person takes a sip of some water while standing around . The person closes a cupboard door and then walks away .
 A person holding a laptop is approached by another person who adjusts the window blinds above them , the first individual then shuts the laptop and begins following the second , who is now walking away .
 A person holding a laptop walks from the kitchen into a small room , turns on a light , and opens up a cabinet door . The person places a laptop inside the cabinet on a shelf , closes the doors , turns off the light and walks out into the kitchen .
 A person is sneezing as they return home in their entryway . The person begins laughing and opens the window . The person gathers up some dirty dishes that are laying around and continues into the home .
 A person is taking off a grey sweater in order to drop the sweater on the floor while standing next a a bed .
 Person has laptop and appears to be removing something from the bottom . Then takes removed objects and tools across garage to shelf .
 A person sits on the bed while holding shoes and sneezing while also looking out of their window .
 A person is standing in their hallway , while undressing by taking their jacket off . They are smiling and laughing because they see a funny picture on their desk .
 A person at the top of the stairs begins opening a book . They take a look at the vacuum at the bottom of the stairs and begin laughing .
 A person is holding a blanket , while taking some medicine . A person throws the blanket on the floor and picks it up .
 A person is sitting at a table looking at their phone while smiling . They pick up a coffee cup and drink from it .
 One person opens a wardrobe and throws a pair of shoes inside , then starts sneezing .
 A person is tidying the pantry by sweeping with a broom . The person then throws down the broom and sits in a chair .
 The person opens a refrigerator , grabs a phone , then double checks before closing the door and ends up happily grabbing a stack of papers from the refrigerator as well .
 A person is sitting and eating some food . Another person passes with a box in their hands , and throws it on a pile of stuff .
 A person is snuggling under a blanket watching television and then sneezing into a glass in a living room .
 A person is standing on a chair in the laundry room , trying to reach a book on a high shelf . The person sneezes and grabs the book , gets off the chair and puts it on the table .
 A person is jogging around a room , then stops and rummages through a closet . The person picks up and reaches into a plastic bag .
 A MAN IS HOLDING A CUP AND PLACES THE CUP ON A TABLE WHILE STANDING IN FRONT OF AN OPEN DOOR IN A BEDROOM/HALLWAY
 A person holding something green walks through the doorway to a bedroom where another person is lying on a bed . The person that walked into the room places the green object on a small end table in front of him .
 The person has a packet of paper in one hand and a book in the other , walks away from camera and shuts door and then walks back towards camera
 Person # 1 took a cloth from a table and cleaned a doorknob with it . Person # 2 had a plate of food and emptied it into the trash near the sink .
 Person # 1 is working on homework on the bed while sitting in a chair . Person # 2 walks into the room with a blanket around their back . Person # 2 is smiling and talking with person # 1 .
 A person is in the dining room putting dishes on the table for dinner . The person picks up homework that 's in the way and throws it on the nearby counter .
 A person awakens in bed and immediately begins eating a sandwich from the nightstand . The person puts the sandwich down onto a dish .
 A person walks into a hallway holding a duster . They begin to tidy up by dusting various items such as a mirror and pictures on the wall .
 Person sitting on the bottom step of the stairs putting on shoes looking at a cell phone
 A person pacing around the room , thinking about what to do then straightens pillows on the bed and picks items up off the dresser .
 A person holding a towel sneezes into it then sets it down on a counter next to a box .
 A person is grasping the doorknob to the laundry room , but can not open it . The person gives up , throws their hands in the air , lays on the floor and covers up with a blanket .
 The person is sleeping in a bed . They sit up and stretch then get up and pick a towel up off the ground . They wipe their face with the towel .
 a person laying on the floor , watching something on their laptop , goes in their bag , pulls out a container , opens it , takes out a sandwich and begins to eat it .
 Person is standing looking at a picture on a shelf . Person begins drinking a glass of water .
 A person is watching television while getting dressed . The person then takes a sip of coffee out of a cup .
 A person puts down a pair of shoes and places a towel on them , then removes the towel and covers the shoes again , several times .
 A person is opening a door and smiling . The person then grabs a bag from in the room and pulls out their homework .
 A person is laughing . They pull their clothes off of a shelf and begin playing , pretending that their clothes are running around the room .
 A person is standing in a garage looking at a pair of shoes , they then pick up a bottle of medicine from a table and take some .
 A person runs into the dining room , opens a box of dishes that is sitting on the table , and takes one out .
 The person bends over the sink and rinses their face with water . The person then dries their face and goes over to use the vacuum .
 The person walks in and opens a couple cabinets and rearranges some items in it . The person then closes the cabinets and picks up a tablet and takes a selfie .
 A person is sitting in a chair eating a sandwich . A person then pours themselves a glass of water and drinks it .
 A person , holding a glass , opens and closes a door from inside a bathroom . The person walks out of the bathroom and opens and closes the door a few more times . The person leans against the doorway .
 A person is sitting in their basement opening up a book . They stop and pull out a camera , and take a picture with the camera . Then , they start sneezing .
 A person walks into the bathroom and closes the door . They pick up a camera from a table and take a picture of a view outside the window . They place the camera back on the counter .
 A person is sitting in a chair , reading a book . While laughing at the book , the person takes out their phone and looks at it .
 A person walks into a kitchen with a towel draped over the shoulders . The person sits at a chair next to the stove , takes a mug and sips from it , then gets up and walks away .
 A person walks up stairs while reading a book and sneezing . This person is also holding a mug .
 Person # 1 is sitting in a chair drinking from a cup . Person # 2 walks behind person # 1 into another room .
 A person is running the vacuum in the garage . The person puts the vacuum away and takes out their phone to make a call .
 A person , holding a towel , opens a cabinet in the pantry . The person looks around for a moment , closes the cabinet door , then runs out of the room .
 A person opens the door to their wardrobe and puts clothes away on the shelves . The person picks up a book from the bed and also puts it on the shelf , along with hangers lying on the cabinet .
 A person is sitting on the floor of a bedroom and looking at their cell phone and using a laptop while eating food from a plate and drinking from a glass .
 A person is standing on a chair holding a box . The person gets down off the chair and place the box onto a table and walks away .
 A person sets down their bag beside the counter . They pick up a rag and begin to clean the kitchen counter with before they turn to walk across the room and out the door .
 A person walks over to a couch and sits down , then starts eating some food . The person takes a drink from a cup then gets up and walks away .
 A person sitting in the on the kitchen watches something cook on a stove . They open a book and begin reading , then check on the stove .
 A person walks into the home office , running . The person looks around wildly at the book shelf , and starts throwing all the books on the ground . The person stops mid movement , and looks at the armchair in the corner with the decorative pillow . They walk towards it , and throw the pillow aside to find their keys resting on the armchair .
 Person is standing by doorway holding blanket and snuggling with it .
 A person stands next to a box . They take off their shoes , then open a window and walk out of the room .
 A person in a black shirt cleans a side table next to a television while a person in a long sleeved shirt sits in a chair , eating a sandwich .
 A person sitting on a toilet begins picking up objects that are placed on the surrounding floor . The objects include a pink blanket , drinking glass , and water bottle .
 Person is looking through the cabinet , then close the cabinet door and walk away .
 A person walks into a bathroom and picks up a book . That same person then leaves , shutting off the light and closes the door .
 Person lying on the couch who sits up , puts on a shirt , and then picks up dishes from table before walking out of the room .
 A person is sitting at the desk grasping a towel . The person throws the towel into a box on the floor and eats a sandwich .
 A person is holding a pair of shoes then throws it on the floor before sneezing a couple of times .
 The person is standing with a blue container . The person then puts the container on a dresser and walks out of the room .
 a person lounging on a bed with the television on adjusts his pillow then opens a container of medicine and drinks from it .
 A person is walking into a room eating a sandwich , they then set the sandwich down and begin dressing in the doorway .
 A smiling person awakens with a towel under their head , then stares at the picture on the wall .
 A person sits in a chair , reading a book . The person begins laughing , and then sneezes .
 A person runs up the stairs and takes a pair of shoes from below the window . Something outside catches the eye of the person , which causes them to smile .
 A person is reading and marking up a book . The person then closes the book and picks up a camera to play with . Another person is fidgeting in a bed .
 People standing in a room one holding a mirror and one holding a book while lending on the wall .
 A person is looking at a picture laughing . A laptop is open on the counter . The person eats food from a container .
 A person sits in a chair , wrapped in a blanket , watching television . The person laughs at something funny on TV .
 A person is standing in a garage . The person throws a bag of groceries on the ground , eats a sandwich , and then throws the sandwich in the trash . The person then leaves the room .
 A person removes a button-up shirt , then picks up a pillow and hugs it tightly . A second person enters the frame and walks to the far side of the room .
 A person is standing in the doorway looking around the room . The person runs to the corner to pick up a broom and brushes dust off of the window .
 A person is putting a pillow into a bag on top of a toilet and starts sneezing while doing this .
 A person takes a sweater from a door hanger and puts it on . Then they take a pillow and begin snuggling with it .
 A person is standing with a box of clothes . They turn the box over and pour out the clothes .
 The person is sitting in a relaxed pose on a couch . They are watching TV and controlling the TV with a remote . The person walks up to the TV , puts the remote in a cabinet , and walks away .
 A person standing in the doorway of the living room . They are holding a glass . They begin pouring the contents of the glass out on the floor .
 A person is looking into a mirror while sitting in a chair another person comes up to them while they are playing on their phone and the first person who is sitting in the chair is fixing their hair
 A person holding a plate sits down in a chair in a kitchen , the person then eats a sandwich , then gets up and places the plate on the counter then gets a towel from a cupboard and walks away .
 A person is standing in a kitchen using a stove . The person puts a spoon in the pot and stirs it . The person then grabs a towel and removes the pot from the stove and moves it to the sink .
 One person is sitting on a bed sneezing with a pillow in their lap , while another person is standing and cleans objects with a hand towel
 A person is wiping a mirror with a towel . They stop , sneeze , put the towel down and pick up a bag . The person then throws the bag .
 A person is sitting at a table working on a laptop and laughing , they then close the laptop and proceed to eating a sandwich and sneeze .
 A person is lying on a couch with a dish on their stomach while they eat some food .
 A person is sneezing as they pick up a dusty pair of shoes then theu begin fixing the loose doorknob .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom . Another person is standing out of the way while eating something . The second person walks away .
 A person sits down on their laptop while eating some food . The person continues to eat and chew their phone while on their laptop .
 A person stands in the laundry room holding some food . They take a glass of water , drink it , then put it back down . They eat some of the food , then grab a camera and take a picture outside a window .
 A person is sitting in a chair writing in a book with a pen . Another person in the same room walks out while holding a box .
 A person is undressing by their bedroom door , then they start playing with the camera on their phone getting ready to take a selfie .
 One person grasps a bag of groceries by the sink and opens it up . Then , this person starts cooking at the stove .
 A person is cooking on a stove they walk over to the cabinet open it take something out and go back over to the stove while holding a coffee mug .
 People walks in the room throw a pile of clothes onto the floor get a camera out of pocket then take a picture of the clothes
 A person is standing in the recreation room holding a sandwich . Same person walks over to the refrigerator and opens the door . Person looks inside the refrigerator and closes the door .
 A person is sitting on a sofa watching television . That same person , sneezes , picks up a book and walks out the door .
 A person is seen lying their head down on their desk next to a sandwich . They begin laughing and walk out the door .
 A person walks into a living room . The person then picks up a cushion off the floor and places it on a couch . The person then turns off the light .
 A person is laying down on a sofa . The person covers up with a blanket . The person takes a phone out from underneath them . The person sneezes . The person gets up off of the sofa .
 a person is lying on a sofa surrounded by pillows then gets up and hits the TV with a pillow
 A person is holding a pair of shoes . A person then takes a camera and takes a picture of the shoes .
 A person sits at a desk seemingly protesting towards her computer screen . The person then grabs a book and starts to read it before placing back upon the desk .
 A person runs into the bedroom , quickly undressing . The person throws their dirty clothes onto a sofa , takes new clothes from a box , and quickly begins dressing again .
 A person comes into the entryway to pour a cup of coffee for another person sitting at a small desk .
 A person is sewing a blanket while another person enters the room , removes their shirt , and tosses it on the floor before leaving . The second person returns moments later to retrieve the shirt on the floor .
 A person is running in place at the bottom of the stairs . Another person enters through the front door and reaches into a bag and takes something out and tosses it towards person one . Person one catches it and continues running in spot .
 A person starts to prepare their food while looking at their phone .
 A person is holding a glass of water and some dishes by their stairs . They put the dishes down and start putting some water into the glass of water .
 A person is fixing their bed and then sits down on it . They are holding a laptop and begin watching videos .
 A person is doing some cooking on the stove . The person then walks over to the refrigerator to have a drink .
 A person is lying on the couch watching television . The person gets up and grabs a sandwich and a glass of water from the coffee table . The person eats a couple bites of their sandwich , then throws the rest into the garbage .
 A person sets a pair of shoes down next to the laundry machine and then begins sneezing . Finally , they pick up a camera and stand next to the door .
 A person is seen laughing while looking at a picture on their phone . They then close their phone and begin leaving .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . The person opens cupboard door and places an item inside , before closing the door again . The person walks out of the room .
 The person was had a camera is their hand , walked down the hallway , then stood on the chair and the end of by the window .
 The person is holding a broom then takes a jacket off before tossing it into another room and starting to take off a shirt .
 A person is sitting on the floor while snuggling in a blanket with a book in their hand .
 A person is drinking coffee in a laundry room . The door starts opening . Another person walks in holding a laptop . The person puts the laptop down and then starts working with the first person folding laundry .
 A person sits at a desk , drinking a glass of water . The person pauses and looks out the window .
 A person is sitting at a desk eating some carrots . The person gets up and looks at themselves in the mirror .
 A person and a dog walk into a kitchen , The person opens a cabinet , removes a glass then opens the refrigerator and removes a gallon of milk which the person then pours into the glass and returns the gallon of milk into the refrigerator . The person then opens another cabinet , takes a pan and places it on the stove .
 Person sitting down at desk writing homework , and then grabs tennis shoes from desk , gets up and walks upstairs .
 A person is sitting in a chair in a a hallway . He picks up a box and puts it down . He stands up and turns off the light .
 A person walks past a table holding a bag of groceries . They drop the groceries , begin laughing , and reach for a nearby broom .
 A person steps out of a bucket then stands on a towel and dries feet . The person walks over and flicks a light switch on the wall then picks up a pillow from the floor and snuggles it .
 A person is sitting on a sofa , browsing the internet with their laptop . A sweater is laying next to them . The person smiles at a joke they read online . The room is cold . The person sneezes , then puts on the sweater .
 A person runs into the basement , holding a broom . The person throws the broom into a corner then looks out the window .
 A person standing while reading a book , then closes it and walks from one room to another room while looking around .
 A person awakens on a bed and sits up . They put on glasses , and drink from a coffee cup .
 A person is eating some food in their dining room . The are laughing while eating because they seem to have forgotten about closing their refrigerator door . They pick up a broom with their left hand .
 A person is standing in the kitchen and removes both shoes and throws them into the next room . The person then proceeds to open the refrigerator door , and takes out two bottles from the refrigerator , and sets them down on top of the stove .
 A person eats food directly from a box full of groceries sitting on top of a table .
 A person walks into the living room carrying a vacuum . This person proceeds to get to work and vacuums around the area , including along the wall under the window .
 One person joins another person sitting on a bed while holding a laptop . The person with the laptop shows the other a game being played . The other person pats the laptop person on the back
 A person opens a door and closes it behind them . The person turns on the lights . The person then picks up a cell phone off of a table , and begins typing on the cell phone .
 The person awoke in the chair while holding their phone . The person immediately started working on the homework on the table .
 A person is taking clothes off a bed and folding them . The person is setting the folded clothes on something . The person then smooths out the bed 's surface .
 One person is standing on a chair cleaning a shelf , while a different person is cooking on a stove . One person throws the other person a bottle .
 A person is tidying up the bedroom and moves some clothes off the bed and into a laundry basket . This person then opens a drawer looking for their phone .
 A person opens the closet door and picks up a jacket and throws it . Then they look around and get a bag of snacks and hold it .
 There is a person who takes off a sweater and shirt . That same person then picks up homework and throws it on the floor .
 A person is sitting at a table with some food . After sneezing , another person enters the room and sits down next to the first person and laughs .
 A person walks into the bathroom while laughing on the phone . The persons leans on the sink as they take off their shoes using the hand not holding their phone and throw them in the corner .
 A person is tidying inside a cabinet and pulling things out . Then a person is throwing a bag out of the room .
 A person is smiling as they carry a box down the stairs . The person stands at the bottom of the stairs and unpacks clothes from the box .
 Video is sideways . Person is standing in front of mirror Removes blanket , drinks coffee , then removes shirt while walking into another room . Picks up another shirt and puts it on .
 One person works at fixing a shelf when another person comes running through for a pair of shoes , laughing .
 In the bathroom , is person is sitting down on the ground while looking up at the mirror . They stand up and grab on a book on the country top , while tidying the counter top a bit . Then , they grab the doorknob and leave the bathroom .
 The person is holding a jar of pasta sauce and walks towards the cupboard . The person looks at the jar . The person places the jar in the cupboard and closes the door . The person walks away .
 There is a person standing up and hugging a pillow . That same person then reaches over and touches the doorknob .
 A person is opening a door and walking through the doorway . The person closes the door behind them . The person puts their jacket on the floor . The person turns on the television and watches it .
 A person moves a bottle on a shelf and rearranges a few other objects . They they start dusting the shelf .
 Person standing at the stove cooking , reaches above the hood to turn off the light , walks out of the room , and then comes back .
 A person is holding homework and running . A person is looking through a book . A person the puts the homework on the table .
 A person is standing in the doorway of a bathroom and he sneezes , and he then takes a towel from a rack and looks in the bathroom mirror .
 A person is talking on the phone eating from a plate of food while another person is standing at the doorway and staring at person A .
 The person is dressing up in the broom closet , standing next to it is a television and a picture painting .
 A person puts some stuff into a bag , while another flips a towel around in the other room . The first person picks up some food and puts it on a tray .
 A person walks into the pantry holding a pillow . The person throws the pillow into the cabinet .
 A person is seen putting dishes away . The person is closing a cabinet and then they sit down on a chair .
 A person is sitting at a desk working on a computer then another person walks in the room holding a cup of coffee .
 A person is tidying up a shelf and straightens a picture hang on the wall . The person then picks up a sweater and puts it on while standing .
 A person rises from bed and begins walking around a bedroom and drinking some coffee . The person looks in a mirror and begins smiling while eating some breakfast food .
 A person flips through the pages in a book , puts the book down , and then sits down themselves into a chair .
 A person holds a towel as they talk on the phone . They throw the towel to the floor and walk away .
 A person stands at the window , wrapped in a blanket , watching something outside . The person sits in a chair but continues to look outside .
 A man is wrapped up in a blanket and holding a pillow as he sits on the stairs .
 A person is running around in their kitchen . They start pouring a glass of water into the sink and then place the empty glass into the refrigerator .
 The person entered the room with a box , and then the person took some items off a shelf and placed them in the box . At this point the person had a sneezing fit then left .
 A person looks at themself in a mirror and starts undressing . They put their clothes in a cabinet in the bathroom .
 A person lying under the covers in bed gets up , removes a book that had been lying on his chest , and walks across the room where he looks at himself in the mirror .
 One person sits on the edge of the bed eating and laughs while playing at kicking the shoes lined up on the floor .
 A person comes walking into the garage with a box while another person begins playing with a toy from a box .
 A young person sitting at a glass table looks at a small medicine bottle while an older person who is eating a sandwich watches him .
 A person sits on a sofa and does homework , opens a book , opens a laptop , and then stands and walks away .
 A person walks into their entryway and closes the door . They take of their shoes and play a game on their phone while eating a sandwich .
 A person is awakening in bed . Then , laughing , the person stands and goes to remove a sandwich from the refrigerator .
 A person sitting on a bed is eating a sandwich from a plate they 're holding . They sneeze and grasp a clear bag with bread in it .
 A person is smiling while standing in the kitchen . The person takes a sip of coffee then puts some food on a plate .
 This person placed a pair of tennis shoes on a counter top and pulled a hoodie sweatshirt over their head to wear
 A person sits on a couch smiling and puts on a shirt and shoes in a happy manner while still maintaining a smile .
 A person is sitting on the stairs working on their laptop and taking a sip of coffee , they then smile and keep drinking .
 A person is standing in the doorway holding a camera . The person sneezes twice into his elbow . The person then continues to walk through the doorway .
 A person takes a book from a bed , walks through a doorway to another room and places it on a table . They walk over to a cabinet and open the door .
 A person opened a pantry door , sneezed three times , then walked over to refrigerator , opened the door , took out a bottle of juice , poured some and then drank it and returned the bottle to the fridge .
 A person is tidying up with a broom . Laughing , the person walks to the small end table and leans the broom against it .
 A person turns the doorknob to the study and stands inside the room . Inside is another person sitting and eating a sandwich .
 A person walks over to a light and turns it on . The person sits down and takes off their shoes .
 Person lying on the kitchen floor doing homework while half of the body is in the kitchen and the other half in the other room .
 A person is holding shoes and grabs a pillow from the stairs before sneezing .
 A person takes a towel from the shelf , puts it in a bag and closes the bag before leaving the bathroom .
 A person , wearing a green sweatshirt , puts flip flops in a closet , closes the door and then sits in a chair at the bottom of a stair case .
 In their person cave , the husband was putting dirty dishes into the box to take upstairs , all the while laughing .
 A person is in the garage . The person picks up a glass from a shelf , looks at it , then proceeds to remove a jacket . The person puts the shirt on a chair and the glass back on the shelf .
 A person is sitting down in a chair in their bedroom while playing with their phone . They start sneezing .
 Two people are in a bedroom . One is working on a laptop . The other is folding clothes and holding a piece of paper .
 A person is standing in front of the window holding a mirror and a box . The person puts the mirror in the box and closes it , then throws the box on top of a pillow .
 Putting down a bag of groceries , a person sits on the sofa . The person begins snuggling up with a blanket , putting their feet up on a box .
 One person stands at a stove loaded with dishes cooking and smiles at the window nearby .
 A person undressing in their bedroom smiles as they take down a pillow from a shelf in their wardrobe . Leaving their clothing on the floor , they put their special pillow on the bed , and then laughing , they retrieve a camera from a nearby desk .
 A person walking through a hallway while grasping a glass leaves a pillow on the floor .
 The video shows a person in a very cluttered room with a picture on the table . The person pours some liquid from one container to another and then begins applying further brush strokes to the painting on the table . The rest of the video is that person painting .
 The person is drinking something from a cup while staring ahead . The person then gets up and walks a few steps forward and stands .
 A guy is sitting in a chair with a cup in his hand . He is pretending to drink something . At one point he stops to look at a picture on the table next to him .
 A person cooking in the kitchen throws some spices on what they 're about to put in their skillet . They turn off their stove and open a nearby window , giving the impression they are n't pleased with the smells they 've awakened in their dish .
 Two people are playing a board game . One person is drinking coffee while the other person has a sandwich .
 In the bedroom , a person is snuggling with a picture . They then start walking back and forth with a glass in their hand .
 A person walks through the doorway and takes a seat in a chair . They open the cabinet and pull out a drink in a bottle .
 A person is holding a pillow and sitting on a chair then proceeds to clean the pillow .
 A person is in a recreation room sitting at a desk watching television while eating an apple and sneezing .
 A person is sitting on the couch eating a sandwich off a plate . Next the person stands up and puts their sneakers on . The person then walks away .
 A person is standing and eating some food . The person then drinks some water . The person sits down and puts on shoes . The person then stands up and starts using the vacuum .
 One person smiles at a mirror and starts undressing , then another person in the doorway throws a pillow at the first person .
 A person walks into the room carrying a pillow . The person puts the pillow in the cabinet and picks up a broom and starts sweeping .
 After opening the door to a doorway , a person heads over to the sink and starts lying on their back . Next , the person begins opening the cabinet and fixing the leaky faucet .
 A person is sitting in a chair drinking a glass of water . A person then gets up and cleans their face in a towel . The person throws the towel on the floor . The person then picks up a blanket and starts to snuggle with it .
 The person was sitting on a sofa holding a bottle of medicine looked at it read the label , got up put the medicine in a trash can sat back on the sofa .
 A person opens a cabinet and removes a bottle of medicine . They look at the bottle and throw it into the garbage . They then walk away while looking at their phone .
 A person takes items from the cabinet and makes a sandwich . The person smiles and leaves .
 A person walks through a room and into another area with a towel in their hand . They open a door and throw the towel over the top of it .
 A person is drinking water at the sink . Then the person is tidying the bathroom and washing off the mirror .
 Two people are talking laughing using hand gestures . One person walks over by a window and grabs a grocery bag off a hook .
 Person opening cabinet to get a cloth , cleans window , and then walks out of the room .
 A person is lying down on a couch in the living room . They have an itch in their nose , and so they look up at the light and begin sneezing . Then , they take a glass of water and start drinking from it .
 A person is looking at webcam , picks up the camera , with a dog sitting at her back , looks on side and at her dog , turn the camera up down and looks on side and try to adjust the webcam .
 There is a person sitting in a chair looking at a book . That same person gets up , walks over to the window and picks up a bag of food . That person then goes and sits back down .
 A person leaves a book in the hallway and sits a vacuum in the hallway as well .
 A person is walking with the vacuum . A pillow gets sucked up . The person rescues the pillow , and snuggles it .
 A person is lying on their bed . After a few seconds , the person sits up and crosses their legs while sitting on the bed .
 Two persons are taking turns playing a game on a laptop on a desk . They are also eating snacks .
 A person lying on a pillow awakens in bed . They sit up , grasp a box of medicine , take some , then drink a glass of water .
 A person is laughing over the sink . They turn , open the door , and walk out of the room .
 A person opens a door , walks through , and closes it . The person then takes a picture off the wall and looks at it before placing it down . The person then picks up another item and looks at it .
 A PERSON IS POURING MILK INTO A CUP AND PUTS THE MILK JUG BACK INTO THE FRIDGE .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the bathroom . The person takes some lotion from the shelf and puts it on their skin .
 A person is fixing a mirror in the bathroom . The person takes medicine from the cabinet and begins leaving , running out of the room .
 A person with a sweater over the shoulder , walks into the room and throws sweater aside , goes over to the couch , straightens pillows and sits down .
 A person lying on the floor stands up and walks over to a chair and table . The person picks up a laptop resting on the chair and sets it down on the table before sitting in the chair .
 A person is smiling , in the doorway . They look out the window , and then decide to start undressing .
 One person enters a door and closes it and goes around a table , while another person vacuums around the table .
 The person is in the kitchen . The person is setting the table for a meal . The person places bowls on the table and then silverware .
 A person is standing in a bathroom , holding a camera and snuggling with it . Another person is sitting on the floor in front of an open cabinet , tidying items .
 A person walks into the kitchen while holding a cup and sneezing . The person opens the refrigerator then gets some juice out and pours it into the cup . The person then puts the juice back in the refrigerator and closes it .
 A person walks through a door into the dining room holding a pillow and sneezing , they then walk to the table .
 A person opened a door while holding a bowl and turned on a light . The person then walked out of the door and drug in a small table into the room . The person then sat down at the able while holding a bowl . The person then grabbed a box from a nearby counter . The person then poured something from the box into the bowl . The person then ate from the bowl .
 Two persons are snuggling while lying on a large chair , when one grasps a phone that starts ringing .
 A person is standing in a doorway . They walk into a room , turn o the light , and take pillows off the bed and put them on a shelf .
 A person is sitting on a chair eating a sandwich and holding a glass of coffee .
 The person turned the doorknob , opened the door to the closet and turned on the light . The person put folded clothes on the shelf . The person sneezed from the dust in the closet .
 A person jumps on a bed and lies down , covered with a blanket . A person then stands up , puts on shorts ( found on the floor ) , and walks out of the room .
 A person sitting in a pile of dirty laundry , and holding a shoe they 're trying to fix the sole of , kicks the door as they stretch out , lying on their back . They snuggle the dirty laundry , sending a glass bottle suddenly rolling out from it .
 The person was pouring a drink in the study . The person put the drink on the table and was holding the dish with the pizza on it .
 One person smiles while looking at a picture on a wall while another fixes a door and laughs .
 A person walks through the doorway , holding a laptop . The person puts the laptop down onto the table .
 A person standing at a stove holding a skillet handle.The person rubs their eyes and sneezes in to their arm and shakes the skillet.The person turns and walks to a bar and sits down .
 The person kneels in front of the sink , wiping down the cabinet , then stands , grabs their camera , and walks out of the room .
 A person is drinking some water while lying on the closet floor . Then they use their phone to shine a light on the wall .
 A person is sitting on a chair and drinks from a coffee cup . The person puts the cup on a cabinet and looks for something on a shelf .
 A person holding a bag , sitting in a chair sneezes . The person laughs each time they sneeze .
 A person is cooking on a stove , then the person starts washing a mirror .
 A person is washing the mirror class with a paper towel . The person pours some window cleaner onto the paper towel and continues to work .
 A person grasps a box off the dining room chair , and puts it on the table . They begin sweeping with the broom and start sneezing from the dust .
 A person sits down at a desk and reads through some pages in a book . The person takes a pen and writes some things down and turns on a light . The person then gets on their phone .
 A person waves their hand . The person then grabs some food from the shelf then waves it around .
 A person sitting on a sofa is doing their homework on a laptop . They stand up and open a window on a cabinet behind their head .
 A person is throwing a box towards a chair . Then a person is holding the box , taking things out , and putting them on the chair .
 The person awoke from the bed while yawning and then threw the covers to the side and then reached and plugged in a light and then reached for a glass and then took a drink and put it back on the stand then stood up and put on a long sleeve shirt .
 A person is sitting at a desk eating food . They get up and leave the room closing the door behind them .
 The person set a glass on the kitchen counter and undressed . They then took the glass to the table and took a bite of food and drank from the glass . The person began tidying the kitchen table .
 A person is sitting in the study playing a game on their cell phone . The person picks up a cup of coffee and takes a drink . After putting down the coffee , the person grabs a pillow and puts it behind their back .
 the person is sitting on a chair at table , drinking from a glass who then gets up , leaves the room , and comes back holding a lanyard of some sort .
 Person putting on a shirt and looking in the mirror before checking the laptop .
 A person is standing in a closet organizing their wardrobe . As they are leaving , they close the door .
 A person is standing in the kitchen eating a sandwich . The person picks up a glass of water and takes a drink , the runs to a mirror on the wall and watches themselves eat .
 A person is snuggling a towel , then starts doing homework on a table .
 A person is standing , smiling and holding a bag of groceries . They turn a doorknob and walk through a door .
 A person walks into the garage carrying a glass . This person takes a few drinks while looking around before placing the glass on a shelf .
 A person sits in a chair shuffling their hands up and down while holding a pillow before opening and closesing a drawer in their room .
 The person is sitting on the floor holding a bottle of medicine looked at it and sneezed cover nose with elbow .
 A person sits and drinks from a cup . This person opens a box and looks at the contents while drinking .
 A person is snuggling a blanket and riding a broom like a witch , laughing and having a good time .
 A person is sitting on a chair watching a video on a laptop while putting on a shirt . The person then stands up and continues to watch tv .
 The picture is sideways . A seated person hugs a pillow then lays down on the floor . The person then stands up and turns off the light as he exits .
 A person opens a door . They throw something into a box and then look at the camera . They turn the light off
 A person takes a blanket from a chair and laughs as they fold it . The person gets distracted by their phone , and begins playing with it .
 The person has a pan on the stove and pours the contents of a plastic bag in the pan . The person then checks to see if the stove is on .
 A person walks up the stairs holding a basket of groceries . They set the basket on the stairs and walk back down the stairs .
 A person sneezes while holding a broom . The person then begins to talk on the phone while laughing .
 Two people walk through a doorway and lay on a bed . The people snuggle a blanket and prop up their heads on a pillow and smile .
 A person runs into their pantry , smiling as they listen to music playing in the background ( denoted by their head bobbing up and down , even if the sound is unheard ) . They stand in the pantry doorway , as the light shines in from behind them . Grabbing a beverage , they start drinking it , before closing the door .
 A person is standing in a kitchen and sorting through some boxes of rubbish . They place a painting in a bag and then drink from a cup , .
 The person is standing in the entryway talking on the phone , then finishes , pickups the broom that 's been leaning in the hallway , and leaves the room .
 A person is fixing a doorknob with a screwdriver . The person is sitting on the toilet while doing so . The person then seizes a broom and begins to pretend to sweep .
 THERE IS A PERSON STANDING IN A ROOM WRAPPED IN A BLANKET , THE PERSON UNWRAPS FROM THE BLANKET AND THROWS IT TO THE SIDE , THE PERSON THEN TAKES OFF THEIR SHIRT AND STARTS TO WALK AROUND
 A person walks into the basement and turns on the light . The person stands in front of the table and takes a picture of it with their phone .
 A person is holding their phone . They open and close their over door , then take a picture of something .
 person opened the cabinet , put some thing and closed the door . went out of the room and came back , opend the cabinet , took the phone and took some selfies with the phone
 The person is working on their laptop sitting on the sofa and playing music .
 A person turns on the light in a room , walks through a doorway to the bathroom carrying a mirror . They wash a mirror over the sink , then walk to a table and put it down . Next , the walk to another table and drink from a glass
 Someone is sitting on their bed taking off their shoes . They grab a bottle of water and drink out of it . They then grab a bag of chips and eat some .
 There is a person standing at a table putting groceries in a bag . There is another person sitting at the table drinking out of a glass .
 A person walks through a doorway carrying a plate , picks up a pillow and puts the plate on a table . The person rests the pillow on a chair .
 A person turns on the light in a bathroom and place their phone on a counter . They tidy up the bathroom , take their phone and leave .
 A person is lying in bed . A person awakes . A person then puts on their pants and their shirt . A person then sits in bed and opens a laptop .
 A person opens the door walks into the bathroom drinking from a glass of water . The person then pours the rest of the water over themselves and pulls out a camera and starts talking selfies in the mirror .
 A person takes a bite of a sandwich and sits the rest on a plate . They then get up and walk away .
 There is a person in the kitchen , they open the door to the refridgerator and gets something to eat , then they walk over to the kitchen sink .
 A person is running into a room and then takes clothes and begins swinging them around , they finally select a blanket and leave the room closing the door behind them .
 A person rifles through their cabinet to find the ingredients they need to cook a meal . They use the doorknob to open the cabinet and smile when they find what they need inside .
 A person opens a cupboard . The person grabs for a glass in the cupboard .
 A person walks in the room , smiles , sits in a chair and begins using a laptop .
 A person walks into a room and takes off their sweatshirt and sits down . This person then takes off their shoes .
 Two people are sitting at a table , one person gets up and takes a bag from a shelf and opens it , the second person is sitting in front of a foil covered container and sneezes and opens the foil
 A Person is drinking coffee while wrapped in a blanket in the kitchen . They are holding a newspaper , and laughing while reading .
 A person takes their shoes off and throws them in the corner on top of a pillow . The person walks to the window and closes it .
 There is a person sitting at a table drinking something from a glass . That person puts the glass down on the table , stands up and walks to the refrigerator . At the refrigerator they open the door and start looking for something .
 A person is standing in the doorway of a closet laughing while they are holding a blanket out in front of them .
 A person is lying on a bed covered with a blanket they get up and run into the bathroom and look into the mirror .
 A person opens a cabinet and rearranges some items . The person takes a can of food out of the cabinet and then rearranges a few more items .
 The person walked through the kitchen carrying a plastic bag full of items . The person then put the bag on the counter top area of the kitchen .
 A person is drinking a cup of cocoa while watching television . The person smiles , then spills some of their drink of their clothes .
 Person opens the door to the man cave and places a laptop on the table . Person then sits down on the couch and begins drinking a beverage before dozing off to sleep .
 A person opens a bottle of Coke and pours it into a glass . The person drinks the coke from the glass and palces it on the table , and then closes a door outside .
 A person is sitting in a chair . They get up from the chair , grab a can from the window ledge next to them , and then sit down on a sofa . The person smells the contents of the can three times , gets up , puts the can down in the chair they were originally sitting in , and walks off .
 A person is sitting on a towel while another person is eating a sandwich .
 The person first opens the dryer door to put clothes inside of the dryer . The person then closes the dryer door after putting the clothes inside of the dryer .
 There is a person sitting on a bed eating something out of a bowl . That same person then pours some water into a glass and drinks it .
 A person opens a cabinet and proceeds to put a bunch of food items into it . A person then closes the cabinet and takes a sandwich out of a bag .
 A person sits in the sofa , snuggling up to a blanket and pillow . Another person brings them a bottle of liquid medicine , which they pour out into the cap .
 One person is playing on a laptop . Another other person hits the other person with a pillow and laughs .
 A person is sitting in a chair at the desk eating food . The person takes a bottle of medicine out of a paper bag .
 A person is sitting in a doorway laughing while holding a pillow .
 A person is sitting upon a sofa , unsuccessfully , grasps for the bag from their sandwich as a gust of wind from their sneeze leaves it lying on the floor near their shoes .
 A person is holding a box of cards and sitting at a table . A person then takes out the cards from the box , and arranges them on the table .
 A person is grasping their phone , reading something on it . The person smiles then sets it down onto a pillow .
 A person stands in the garage while grasping their phone and holding a cup of coffee . They play games on their phone as they leave the garage while drinking coffee .
 A person opens their closet door and notices a pillow . They throw the pillow behind them and begin undressing while looking in the mirror .
 A person walks over to the window , drinking a glass of water . The person picks up a broom and sweeps off some dust on the window sill .
 A man stands and closes the door , the walks down the stairs into another room , where he picks up his phone from a table in the hall .
 A person stands in a home office , looking at pictures on their camera . The person begins laughing .
 The person takes a cup from the shelf and walks over to the water cooler and pours a cup of water . The person then drinks from the cup two times and then walks out the door .
 A person is seen looking in the mirror fixing their hair . They then sit down and attempt to fix a laptop .
 A person is running in place and sneezing , they then pull out a camera and take a selfie . Afterwards they walk out and turn off the light .
 While sitting on a chair the person loosened and removed the tie and unbuttoned a few of the shirt buttons . The person also place a glass on a countertop before exiting through a doorway at the end of the hall .
 A person is standing in front of an open wardrobe , sweeping with a broom . The person props the broom against a table , picks up homework from the floor of the closet , and walks away with it .
 A person is standing in a hallway drinking a glass of water . The person sets the glass down and picks up a pair of shoes . They sit down and put start to put the shoes on .
 The person rested their head on the kitchen table for a moment . The person picked up a phone to play with it and smiled . The person then walked over and began watching TV .
 A person has a towel and a book on the steps . They put the towel on their shoulder before flipping through the book .
 A person sneezes while looking into a mirror . A person then touches a chair and closes a laptop lid
 A person sits at the kitchen table , doing homework on a laptop . The person closes the laptop , stands up , and runs out of the room
 A person rocking back and forth on a bed with pillows on both side of them.The other person on the bed is asleep .
 A person is sitting on a bed , looking at a video of something on their phone , smiling . The person then puts the phone on the bed , picks up a glass of coffee from the bed , and starts to drink .
 A person is putting items away in the kitchen while eating . They put a clothe and a pillow in a cabinet underneath a counter while eating some food .
 A person is sneezing at their desk . Then , opening their cabinet , the person reaches inside for a box of tissues .
 A person walks over to their closet and opens the doors . They pause to turn on the light then grab a book off of the shelf . They hang onto the book and step back to take a drink .
 Person is standing grasping the chair in the living room near the table looking out the window .
 A person is standing in the doorway of the pantry . The person is holding a pair of shoes in one hand and drinking a glass of water with the other .
 The person stands in front of the couch watching television , then sits on the couch with the dog to watch television before getting up and walking away .
 A person is standing at the kitchen counter and pouring a glass of water . They take their medicine then drink some water .
 A person leans on the counter and stares at the coffee maker . The person picks up something from the counter and laughs . The person walks out of the room .
 A person sits on the ground , leans against a pillow , and sneezes . The person then adjusts the pillow while continuing to sit on the ground . There is a fan and light next to him on the ground .
 He is trying to juggle with his pair of shoes and trying mke some tricks , and then he took a cup of water and poured in to commode .
 A person is walking in a hallway holding a picture and wearing a blanket . They clean the picture , and put it on a shelf .
 A person grasping a dish of food , walks into a bedroom and lies on a bed , then gets under a blanket and begins eating .
 A person stands from a chair , walks through a doorway and down a hall , then turns a sink off and looks out a window .
 The person goes out a door and comes back in the door . The person then grabs a chair , sits down , and puts on their shoes .
 A person lays on the couch . They pick up a bottle of medicine from the coffee table and open it .
 Two people are standing next to a table . One person take food from a plate while the other person is cleaning the table with a cloth .
 A person sits on stairs drinking from a glass , stands , looks out a window on a door , then opens the door and leaves to set down the glass and pull up their pants .
 A person sits down on a chair and snuggles with a pillow in a very creepy way .
 A person walks into a kitchen and closes the refrigerator door . The person approaches another person , who is cooking on the oven . The first person reaches over and places a pot on the stove . Both people are standing in front of a mirror .
 Person is throwing a towel towards a pillow and putting a book away .
 A person walks up the stairs while holding a phone and eating a sandwich . The person moves around items on the stairs , including a pair of shoes .
 The person is grasping groceries from a bag and putting them away . The person grows impatient and is seen pouring the remaining contents of the bag on to the floor before leaving the room .
 A person runs up to a glass door , then pauses and takes a step back to set something down on a nearby table .
 A person walks down the hall with a towel . That same person stops , looks in a mirror and walks into a room .
 A person is sitting on a bed with an open book . They 're turning pages and writing in the book before putting on a shelf behind him .
 A person is taking a basket of laundry to set it on a chair . Another person is holding the light switch to turn off the light .
 A person is standing in the bathroom looking out the window and holding a glass of water . The person pours the water down the sink and puts it down on the counter .
 A person is sitting on a cough typing on his laptop . He then turns around and turns off a light .
 A person standing unties a yellow grocery bag and takes out three items and places them on a table .
 A person is sitting on the stairs while holding a picture . In the other hand , they have a sandwich that they intend to eat , and they are smiling because they are generally content .
 A guy walks to a table and puts the food he is holding down on a table . Then he walks back where he was above the kitchen sink and looks out the window .
 A person in standing in a kitchen eating a sandwich while holding a plate in the other hand . The person then puts the plate down and continues to eat the sandwich . The person walks across the room and grabs a vacuum cleaner and beings vacuuming the floor while continuing to eat the sandwich .
 A person picks up a vacuum cleaner and then attempts to open it but gives up and leaves it alone and walks away .
 A person is tidying up with a broom . Then , picking up a pillow and throwing it towards the refrigerator , the person leaves the room .
 A person is carrying a coffee cup and walks across a room into a bathroom . The person sets the cup on the counter and looks into a mirror , adjusting their hair . The person moves the cup to the sink and then walks out of the bathroom and closes the door .
 A person is sitting on a couch . The person begins eating some food from a plate . The person picks up some books , a box , and homework and begins to get up from the couch .
 A person is undressing in their recreation room . They stop and gab a plate of food , and a glass of milk before leaving .
 The person tidied up the books next to the picture on the table . The person then went from standing to sitting and snuggled up to watch a television show .
 A person is standing in front of the refrigerator and holding a glass of water . They start to drink the water , spill some , and wipe it up with a towel .
 A person is awakening and then standing in front of a television while eating a sandwich in a living room .
 A person sneezing person is standing in their study holding a pillow and a pile of dishes .
 A person is sitting on a couch folding laundry then they pick up a plate with a sandwich and puts it on the couch and then the person walks away
 A person sits on the floor , watching television . The person then removes shoes . The person then laughs at the television program .
 Two people are in the kitchen . One person is cooking on the stove using a pan while the other person is cleaning out the vacuum .
 A person is sitting at the desk and examining a laptop . They grab a remote control and turn on a TV and watch it . Then they get up and walk away .
 A person with a dog beside them puts a hoodie on . Then the person takes a phone and starts looking at it . Then both the dog and the person go and leave .
 A person begins unpacking groceries from a box they 've placed on their stove , and putting them onto a shelf in a nearby cabinet .
 A person is sitting at a dining room table in a dining room holding a broom . The person stands up and smiles and starts to sweep . The person puts down the broom and grasps a vacuum and begins to vacuum the dining room .
 A person is folding a blanket . The person then opens and closes a door .
 Person in a blue , flowered dress sitting at dining room table drinking coffee when suddenly gets up and walks out .
 The person is walking past the couch while holding a pair of shoes and then bends down and puts them under the table and then turns around and joggs past the couch .
 A person is putting on a shirt , while holding a bag . The person then picks up a cup and starts drinking .
 A person is sitting at a table . The person laughs while looking at a phone on the table by a glass .
 A person is fixing a desk in their garage . They grasp a drinking glass and leave the room .
 A person is sitting on a chair , asleep on the desk . The person then opens a drawer in the desk , removes some medicine , takes the medicine , and drinks some water . The person then sets the water on the floor .
 A person walks through the hallway , holding a mug of coffee . The person stops to look at a table , and then walks into a kitchen , where the person drinks coffee .
 A person stands in the closet , looking into a mirror and sneezing . The person then lies on the floor , picks up a glass of coffee , and drinks from the glass .
 This person is sitting in a chair and then opens up some type of container / jar . Person then gets up off of chair , picks up broom and places it behind door and then walks back .
 A person kneeling on the floor talks on a phone while moving a box and other groceries from on top of a table to a shelf in a cabinet . The person then stands and walks to the stove , picks up a milk jug and pours it into a pan on the stove and begins cooking .
 Person opens the door and turns the light on and walks in . Grabs a picture off the table and begins to look at it .
 A person is adjusting a plate on the counter , then they turn to the table and pour food from one container to another . Then they turn back to the counter and put the plate in the cupboard along with a glass . Then they take off their shoes .
 A person is sitting at a table while eating a cracker and writing on a piece of paper with a pencil at the same time . A moment later the person gets up and runs away .
 One person with a bottle of medicine and a camera sneezes while watching another person undressing .
 A person takes a bag out of the washing machine and throws it into the dryer . The person then sips repeatedly from a cup of coffee .
 Standing in the entryway eating a sandwich a person is opening the door and another person is in the doorway grasping the door handle . The person with the sandwich is leaving .
 A person is snuggling with a blanket and then putting a towel on their head in a hallway .
 A person is seen through the doorway throwing medicine into a toilet . This person is is awakening from a weekend long drug binge and on the verge of throwing up .
 A person in a green hooded sweatshirt carries two clear glasses towards the doorway , and smiles at the camera before turning on the light and entering the bathroom . When the person reappears , they are holding a broom instead of the glasses .
 Person # 1 is taking selfies with their phone , sitting on the couch . Person # 2 throws a pillow across the room and walks around .
 A person is watching the weather outside of their window . Another person walks in the doorway and grabs a broom to begin tidying up .
 A person is tidying up with a broom in their hands . They then stop and stand by the window and look out .
 A person sits at a table watching a video on a laptop . Another person sits at a desk doing some homework .
 A person is sitting on a table with a towel on their head . Another person is holding a pillow and throws it at the other person sitting on the table .
 A smiling person is tidying up their bedroom , they fluff their pillow , and place their clothes in a hamper .
 A man is standing and washing the window , then he moves to a china cabinet to open it and begin cleaning the figures inside it .
 The person watching television got up and began tidying up a small table . Then the person placed a box on the table and removed a bottle of medicine from it .
 A person sits down at a desk , takes off his shoes and jacket , puts on a headset , and listens to a program that is running on the computer . He then takes off his headset , gets up , and walks away .
 Person in a bed covered in a blanket with a computer by their side . Person sits up grabs their phone and proceeds to read a label on a bottle .
 A person sitting on a couch is eating food while working on their laptop which sits on top of a pillow on their lap .
 Person sitting , putting on clothes , grabs and picks cup , place under chin and to mouth , gets up from couch .
 A person picks up a picture and examines it . They walk around the room for a moment .
 A person is awakening on a bed , they then tidy up a chair and rub their face .
 A person is walking down a hallway carrying some clothes , they then open a door and walk in and close the door .
 A person is holding a broom and a pair of shoes . The person puts the shoes on , then begins sweeping the floor with the broom .
 A smiling person sits in a chair at a desk holding a book in their lap and reading .
 A person is sitting on the chair holding a sandwich . The person begins eating as the person picks up a blanket from the floor .
 A person is standing in a dining nook area and places an empty plastic bag on the dining table and then stands beside the table while holding up a book .
 A person is talking on the phone while washing a glass cup .
 There is a person that walks into the room holding a glass , the person stops and sneezes a few times and then walks away .
 The person is crouched down and walks toward a closet . They enter the closet and fumble with items in the closet . They leave the closet with some cloth .
 The person carried an armful of clothes across the room and then dropped them . The person the turned the light off and went around the corner .
 A person is lying on the floor with a pillow while another person runs out the room .
 A person is putting clothing into a bag and zipping the bag up . Then they pick up the bag and sling it over their shoulder . Then they walk over to a doorway , but not through it . After that they walk over to a window and look out .
 A person is smiling while looking out the window . Then they look at their phone and start sneezing .
 A person takes a towel from a shelf and starts playing with it . They then wrap the towel around themselves and pick some clothes up off the floor .
 A person is undressing in front of the wardrobe . The person begins taking their clothes off the floor and walks them ot the hamper . Then the person opens the refrigerator .
 A person with a strange hat is sitting at a table playing with toys while another person walks into the room and is standing at the table emptying a bag and gets a sandwich out and looks at the sandwich .
 A person in bed clothes is pouring from a cereal box . Some spills on the floor and the person is grasping a broom to sweep . Then , the person is pouring milk , eating breakfast and smiling .
 A person is sitting on their sofa , playing a game using their phone . They notice it 's getting dark so they stand up to turn on the light .
 A person is in a hallway tidying up with a broom , they then laugh as they pick up some dishes from the floor .
 The person is closing the laptop and then walking into the cabinet in the recreation room / man cave .
 2 people are in a dining room one person has a box and another person closses the window then one person tells the other person something and the other person looks at the window
 A person laying on a floor , then sits up , picks up a book and looks at it . The person sets the book back down and lays back down on the floor with his arms above his head .
 A person holding a phone picks up some homework then puts them down on the table . They walk over to the stove too cook something in a pot .
 a person is lying on the ground while watching TV and reading a book . The person gets up only once but does not stand up , nor walks anywhere
 A person standing holding a slice of bread laughing , the person proceeds to lay the slice of bread on a table .
 A person is in the bathroom using their laptop with a broom next to them . They are sitting on the toilet holding the laptop .
 Two people one on the sofa laying down covered with blanket , the other person standing vacuum the carpet
 A person rinsed off dishes in a sink then places them to dry , wipes hands on a towel the continues on to make a sandwich
 A person is sneezing at the desk with the laptop sitting on it .
 2 people are in a room . Person one is sitting on a couch and cleaning up a table . The person pours water from a bottle into a cup on that is on the table . person two is sitting in a chair under a blanket and then takes a drink of water from a cup on a table .
 A person holding a sandwich and drinking a cup of coffee in front of their bathroom mirror makes a silly face at themselves . They then leave the bathroom , closing the door behind them using one of their feet .
 A person walks into a laundry room and throws a towel in the dryer closing the door . The person then fixes the placement of detergents on the shelf .
 A person is laughing , while a other person holding a bag in the doorway .
 A person is standing in the hallway looking at themselves in the mirror . The person walks to a nearby shelf and picks up a pair of shoes .
 A person walks into a room goes to the closet and takes out a pillow.The person closes the doors turn and starts sneezing.The person proceeds to walk away from the doors and laughs .
 A person lying on couch covered in a blanket a sleep.The person wakes up and touches their face and proceeds to reach for a glass and take a drink.The person puts the glass back on the table and folds their arms on their chest .
 A person is sitting on a couch and looks into a bag that is on the table . The person gets up from the couch and walks out of the room
 A person working on a television set . The person turns and looks at their ceil phone and laughs . The person coughs and puts their hand up to their mouth to cover the cough .
 A person is getting dressed and walks a picture over to their desk .
 A person walks into the bathroom by opening the door with the doorknob . A person plays a song on the radio and looks at a picture .
 A person is holding a dish and eating food , before putting the dish down and picking up a book and reading it .
 A person is working at a computer . Another person walks in with a towel around their shoulders and eating a sandwich . They point at the person who is working and laughs at them .
 A person is in their man cave sitting in a chair and looking at a picture . They stand up and walk through a doorway .
 A person is walking into a room . The person is sitting and looking at a book . The person is taking food from somewhere and putting into a bag . The person takes the food somewhere .
 A person is in the bathroom . The person smiles at the camera through a mirror . The person laughs and turns on the sink .
 A person sits on a chair in front of their desk , watching a computer . The person puts their feet up on a stool . The person then puts on headphones , picks up a book from the desk , and starts looking at the book .
 A person is sitting on some stairs reading . The person scratches their head and continues to read . The person puts the book down , walks down the stairs and begins wiping down a fridge
 A person is standing and eating some food . The person turns around and sneezes . The person walks and opens the fridge to grab some milk out of it .
 The person was preparing food in the kitchen while watching a video on a laptop . The person turned to the refrigerator and removed a container . They resumed preparing food .
 the person writes something in the workbook , smiles , puts the pencil in the book , closes it , gets up and leaves .
 A person is talking on the phone as they get ready in the bathroom . The person takes some food from a dish and eats it .
 Two people are in a bathroom . One person is standing near a toilet while looking at their smartphone while the other person is standing at a sink and washing their face .
 A person takes some food and puts it in a waffle maker . The person sneezes and then looks on their phone . The person then stares outside a window .
 A person walks over to a door and sneezes then opens the door . They sneeze again before putting a phone inside a cabinet and then walk out of the room .
 A person in the bathroom is sitting down on the ground , holding a camera and some clothes . They begin drinking from a glass of water .
 A person is standing by the sink . The person walks through the door and sits down to put their shoes on .
 A person sits on a sofa while packing objects into a cardboard box . They grasp a nearby roll of packing tape and proceed to use it to securely tape the box closed .
 A person sitting on a couch eating out of a bag reaches for a glass and takes a drink sits the glass back down and closes the top on the lap top
 A person carries a blanket into the room , folds it and puts it on the sofa . They pick up a glass of water from a table and drink it , then walk away .
 In the bedroom , a person fixing the way the mirror was hanging starts sneezing . Afterwards , they grab a towel and begin tidying their face .
 A person cooks something in a pot on the stove , then reaches over to open a cabinet door to grab some dishes from the shelf and place them next to the stove . They then take a sip of coffee from a cup .
 A person is tidying up a desk when they come across a picture and begin laughing . The person then moves to a mirror and checks themselves out .
 A person walks to a mirror and begins wiping it with a towel . The person then tosses the towel on a couch and adjusts a table .
 A person is putting the clothes from the hamper into the cabinet . They also take off their sweater and sit it on top of the counter .
 A person pours something into a cup . The person opens the refrigerator and takes something out . They pour more liquid into the cup . The person sits in a chair at the table and begin to drink .
 Person laying down on the bed cover with a blanket watching Television and moving body to adjust the blanket .
 A person is holding a towel walking up the stairs . They look at a picture and start smiling . They then resume going up the stairs
 A person opens a door and enters a room , sitting down in front of a laptop screen and types away on the laptop .
 A person walks around a kitchen holding a cup in one hand and sandwich in the other hand .
 A person picking clothes up out of a chair watching television at the same time.The person throws the cloths back into the chair and place their hands on their hips .
 A person is holding a camera bag . They open the bag , look inside , and then close it .
 A person is sitting at a desk in their office . The person takes their glass of coffee off the table and begins taking a drink . The person puts the dishes back on the table .
 A person is grasping a book , then opening it , next taking off shoes and finally turning off a light on the stairs .
 A person sneezes while eating an apple sitting on a chair in their living room . They put a pillow behind their back and continue eating .
 The person opens a box and starts looking at photos . The person then answers their phone and gets up from the couch .
 A person is in a garage fixing a vacuum , they then start laughing as they get up and trip over a box .
 The person walks in the kitchen and sits in a chair , and pulls out a laptop , then gets back up .
 A person is walking down the hallway carrying dirty dishes . The person picks up a towel off the floor and smiles .
 A person is smiling at himself in the mirror . Then the person opens the cabinet and begins tidying up the objects on the shelves .
 A person picked up clothes off a couch and threw them toward a bed , but they landed on the floor .
 A person is folding laundry A person then picks up a pair of shoes off the floor . A person then picks up another pair of shoes off the floor . A person then continues to fold clothes
 A person is standing on the stairs , holding a bag of clothes . The person puts the bag down at the top of the stairs , then returns to the bottom .
 A person is seen eating food in a bag . The person laughs while they look at old pictures on their camera .
 A person sets some food on a table , picks up a glass and drinks . They pull a medicine bottle from their pocket , look at it , and smile .
 A person opens a cabinet door and fixes it with a hammer . Another person comes through the doorway and picks up a pitcher of water from a table . Then the person pours water into a glass and gives it the the other person , who drinks it .
 A person wearing a long sleeve shirt adjusts the lightbulb within a wall fixture , then grabs a drinking glass from the floor and takes a sip .
 Two people are snuggling on a sofa and then one person begins throwing a pillow through the doorway in the home office / study .
 A person opens the door into the kitchen then turns the light on in . They then proceed to put the groceries away .
 A man walks in the entryway and sits down on a bench . Then he pours himself a drink and takes off his shoes . Then he takes a drink from the cup .
 A person is kneeling in front of a cabinet holding a bag they open the bag and then they put the bag down and close the cabinet and grab a glass off of the shelf .
 Two people are sitting on some stairs playing cards at a table , person A throws some cards down and person B throws some cards at person A .
 A person is cooking something on the stove while holding a drink . They walk to a closet and take a couple of things off the shelf .
 A person is cooking on a stove they are holding a box and trying to open it . They take something out of the box . Then they put the box down and go back to cooking .
 This person is standing in front of a window washing dishes . That same person then leaves the room and goes into another room and is talking on the phone .
 a person is standing holding a bag they look in the bag and start to take off their jacket then they put the bag down and start to take off their shirt .
 person preparing something in the kitchen , some object fells down and then she takes it and then cleans it in the sink
 A person runs into the bathroom and closes the door . The person stands in front of the mirror , then sits down in a chair .
 A person holds an orange book , sneezes multiple times and then put the book down . The person takes a camera and looks at it .
 A person sits on a sofa and closes a book . A person then picks up a pillow and throws it in the air . A person then puts the pillow on the sofa . A person then gets up and walks away
 A person is in the entryway of their home undressing . They grab a towel and wipe their glass in their glasses . They grab a coffe off the table and take a drink .
 Person sitting on bed watching TV , gets up , walks to window and begin closing curtains .
 A person walked in through the front door , closed the door behind them , kicked their shoes off and sat on the sofa . After decompressing for a few minutes by reading a book , the person decided to tidy up the room .
 The person poors coffee into a cup on a tray , walks to a cabinet , opens the door , then walks to a couch and sits down and checks a tablet
 The person drinks from a glass , then sets the glass down on top of a bookcase . The person picks up an object from the second shelf and looks at it .
 A person opens a door , picks up their shoes off the floor and puts on their shoes , then closes the door .
 A person looks at something outside then closes the door . After that the person takes her sweater off , turns off the TV , and takes a selfie .
 A person is working on homework . The person puts the homework into a bag and gets up , holding the bag .
 A person is awakening in the morning in a bedroom . The person turns on a light and picks up a coffee mug from the nightstand and drinks the coffee .
 A person is standing in the kitchen stirring something on the stove . A second person comes in and looks through a grocery bag . They select a box and walk away .
 person removed the jacket put it in the washing machine took the clothes from aside and threw it in the machine and closed the machine . took a bag and kept the books lying on the shelf into the bag and left the room
 A person is laying on a bed and stretching . Th person then takes a mug and drinks from it .
 The person was tidying the table . Then the person was watching the light coming through the window .
 A person is fidgeting with a picture hanging on the wall while a second person is standing in the room and writing something in a notebook .
 A person sets down a cup of coffee next to a picture . They walk over and grasp the doorknob and open the door to leave the room .
 A person is in a kitchen and puts away a pot . She then continues to cook something on the stove .
 A person is holding a pillow , puts it on a bed , and then sneezes . The person appears to be reading from a pamphlet and is possibly frustrated .
 A person laughs as they look into the refrigerator . The person takes an item from the shelf and leaves .
 A person stands and folds some clothes , the throws the clothes at a shelf and leaves the room through a door .
 A person is getting into a fridge they take some milk out then they pour a glass of milk and drink it and close the fridge
 A person is walking around smiling with a book in a hallway they put the book on a chair and pick up a glass and then they leave the hallway .
 A person covered in a blanket walks over to a stove and turns it on . The person begins to heat up food in a pan .
 A person standing in a hallway is admiring a picture on the wall . The person is drinking a glass of water and holding it up to the light to check it for impurities . The person finishes the water and smiles in admiration at the picture .
 The person walks to the couch and sits down . They place a box on the table then begin to play with it . A second person with a broom walks through the room .
 A person holds and works on a laptop then puts it down and begins picking up something from a shelf .
 A person walks through a door way and grabs a picture off the wall . The person grasps this picture tightly and then takes a drink of water .
 A person is seen snuggling up with their laptop on their bed . They are smiling while holding their laptop .
 A person sitting on a couch with a lap top.The person closes the laptop set it off to the side of a table.The person continues to pick up a box and opens it , closes the lid and gets up and walks out of the room .
 A person sitting in a chair uses a laptop . They take a bottle and drink something . They then take a book from their bag and open it .
 A person runs into his kitchen and puts a pair of shoes on a chair while he opens a window screen and rearranges some things on a shelf .
 The person is making coffee in the coffee pot , walks to the other side of the room and turns off a light before leaving the room .
 Person A walks into the bedroom undressing and throwing the clothing onto a chair . Person A them climbs onto the bed snuggling under the blanket and lying down .
 A person is cooking on a stove and sprinkling spices in a pan . They pick up some clothes off the floor and throw them before leaving .
 A person is sitting at a desk eating a bowl of something and drinking a cup of coffee they set their cup on the desk
 A person is putting a towel into a dryer and closing it before walking to a corner and sneezing .
 A person is sitting on a bed and takes a drink from a cup . The person places the cup on a laptop computer and begins to type on it . While watching the laptop the person gets excited .
 In the kitchen , a person grasping a book starts laughing . Afterwards , the person starts walking to the doorway .
 A person holding a camera takes a picture of a cabinet . They set the camera down , pick up a glass and start drinking as they turn out the light and walk away .
 A person opens a cupboard in the kitchen . This person then walks to the table and sits down on a chair .
 A person is dressing by putting on a jacket they pick up from a pile of clothes . Then they walk up the stairs while holding some groceries .
 A person opens the door to their closet , pouring coffee into a cup from a thermos . The person sets the cup down , and begins undressing .
 A man walks into a room and picks up a red plastic cup that is on the table . He looks inside the cup as he turns toward the door . He walks to the door and opens it to look out .
 A person is sitting on a bed and fixing their shoes while looking in a mirror . A person takes off their coat .
 The person is walked over and sat down at the table . The person pours himself a glass of water and starts eating . The person places his shoes next to the door .
 A person standing in the doorway of their closet and holding a chair looks around . They play with a towel and then throw it on to the chair .
 A person is cooking on their stove . They stop momentarily , wash a glass , and go back to cooking .
 A person is standing by a table eating something . The person takes the plate with them to another room and sets the plate down .
 A person walks into the bedroom and sits on the bed . They pull a bag out from under the bad and put it on the bedside table .
 The person walks into a closet , picks up a jar and takes the lid off . She sets the jar down and picks up a bottle off the shelf in the closet and then walks towards the camera .
 A person is laying on the stairs before standing up and picking up a broom . They then sweep the hallway with the broom .
 A person is running around with a blanket like it is a cape . Then the person squats down and covers themself with the blanket . A younger person is vacuuming and watches the person that has the blanket .
 A person looking at a glass , while tossing something into the mouth , then picks up the glass and drinks from it .
 A person is lying in the bed and wakes up . A person opens a wardrobe , and takes off a shirt .
 A person is writing in a note book they get up and run to the couch and lay down
 A person is eating a sandwich in the laundry room while doing homework , then they stop and throw the homework book in disgust .
 Person drinking from a cup and walking over to turn on the computer .
 A person is leaning in the doorway of a closet . The person is smiling , holding a bag of chips , and eating a sandwich .
 A person is smiling into a phone and then throwing a pillow in a hallway .
 The person is talking on the phone while standing and drinking some water . They spin around as the conversation goes on and eventually walk off screen
 A person is in their kitchen sitting on a chair and holding a broom . The person stands and starting tidying the kitchen .
 A person is sitting in a chair looking at themselves in a mirror and laughing while drinking coffee .
 On the floor , the person saw a towel that had been used to clean the mirror . The person immediately started running , leaving their shoes at the door .
 There is a person sleeping in a bed . That person sits up and check their phone . That same person stands up and starts to unbutton their shirt .
 A person is sitting on a bed while eating food from a bag , they take a bite and put it back into the bag . They reach behind them to grab a drink and take a sip , all while talking on the phone .
 person holding the desk , staring at back and forth and then sleeping on the floor and holding the phone and woke up again .
 A person takes a laptop off of the couch , dusts it , and puts it a computer bag on the couch . Afterwards , the person turns around , pulls out a knife , and looks through a vent .
 A person is standing at the sink in a bathroom while eating something and the person glances in the mirror and then leaves the bathroom after finishing what they were eating .
 A person is looking out the window in a dining room while closing a book . Another person is sitting at the table pouring a glass of water .
 A person holding some clothes walks up a few steps , then stops and picks up their phone to start speaking . They sneeze .
 The person goes through various items in the room before putting a cell phone in the person 's pocket and walking away .
 A person is walking up some stairs with a laptop , they then run back down carrying a box .
 a person is sitting a pouring water into a glass . That same person is also eating a sandwich . Another person is sitting and holding some dishes .
 A person is dressing on the stairs . Then a person is playing with a picture while turning a doorknob .
 A person picks up a towel and washes a door and window . They throw something away and move the trash can , then begin to vacuum .
 A person walks in a room carrying a laptop . They person then places the laptop on a table and walks around the room while a second person sits on a sofa .
 A person closes a wardrobe door . Another person is holding a box and places it on the floor .
 A person sits in a chair at a desk watching something on a laptop . They get up , turn out the light and go through the doorway , holding the doorknob as if they are about to close the door behind them .
 A person is standing in the entryway while holding a pillow . As they are leaving the area , they start running to the door and the place their hand on the doorknob .
 A person is scrubbing their bathroom . They wash the sink handles . They toss the sponge against a wall .
 A person awakens in bed and turns on the television . The person throws the blanket off of the bed while watching television .
 A person is walking around their bedroom cleaning up . After everything is put away they sit on their bed and start eating a sandwich .
 A person is lying on a pillow and then sneezing on dishes on a table in the dining room .
 A person is carrying a vacuum they sit it down and pick up a pillow from a shelf they snuggle the pillow then put it down and turn off the light and go out the door .
 A person moved a curtain aside , reached around behind it , sat down in a chair , then picked up a water bottle and drank from it , then grabbed a stick , stood up and placed it somewhere behind the curtain .
 One person lean on the canter holding a tablet , another person walked to the room with a bag of produce put the bag on the canter opened it got the produce out , walked to the other canter got a knife and starting to cut the produce .
 A person is awakening from laying down on a sofa , they then get up and sneeze then proceed to put on a pair of shoes and turning off a light and walking out the door .
 A person is seen eating a sandwich in the doorway . They have an odd look on their face and open the sandwich to check its contents .
 A girl is holding a towel . She stands with the towel in her hand , smiling , before she begins to walk away out of the room .
 A person walks from around the folding door and stops at the open closet . That person then reaches up and turns on the light then takes a cup off of the washer/dryer , takes a drink and then walks away carrying the cup .
 A person in a living room is sitting on a sofa is eating a sandwich opens a book .
 A person is seen drinking while looking at their laptop . They open their laptop and connect their camera to it .
 Person in a towel gets into shower , get out of show grabs phone from cabinet while dressed in towel , grabs phone takes selfie pictures .
 A person is dressing while another person is opening a wardrobe and looking inside . The person dressing looks out a window .
 Person is laughing while hanging up their blanket while another person eats food while sitting on the floor .
 A person is taking their homework to their room . They stop in the hallway and fix a painting on the wall . The person then grabs a blanket from the closet and walks to a room .
 A person eats in a doorway then another walks through the doorway and picks up a broom from the floor and leaves back out the doorway .
 The person was running through the kitchen , eating a sandwich and talking . When the person finished running , the sandwich was put into the sink .
 A person cooking in their kitchen washes a dirty glass that was beside their stove . Then , they open the door to the refrigerator and stand in front of it , deciding what they need , before grabbing some groceries out of it .
 A person walks into the kitchen , sneezes and drops a box . Another person walks in and places a bag on the table .
 A person walks down a hallway . The person then proceeds to toss their shoes off of their feet . The person then stares at the shoes that are laying on the floor .
 A person is walking into the room and talking on the phone . Then , laughing , the person sits down and covers himself with a blanket .
 A person hugging a pillow , holding a piece of bread , and swaying back and forth .
 A person is sitting on a sofa in their living room while looking at some pictures in a photo album . The person closes the album and starts eating a sandwich .
 A person runs into a room holding an envelope and a camera . They walk around the room in a circle .
 One person is tidying the stairs with a broom when another person runs past with a glass of coffee .
 A person stands up from their desk and sneezes . The person takes a towel and smiles as boogers are cleaned up .
 A person types on a pink laptop . The person then puts the laptop aside , sneezes , and then stands up and walks toward a doorway
 A person walks into the recreation room , carrying some dirty dishes . The person picks up a few more dishes from on top of a book , and leaves .
 Person # 1 unlocks a door into another room , then walks away . Person # 2 comes in and places a small book on the television and points at the television .
 A person is sitting on a chouch going through a bag they take out a camera then they get a drink of coffee then they take the batteries out of the camera .
 A person is walking through the door . The person turns the light on and begins laughing as the person opens the wardrobe .
 The person is staring at a phone while another person enters the room . The other person walks up and crouches down a little and looks at the person with the phone a few times .
 A man walks into a bedroom and picks up bedding , which he throws before drinking water from a glass while standing .
 A person walked over to a sofa , sat down , and took off their shoes . The person then picked up a pitcher and a glass from the floor and filled the glass with water . The person put the pitcher back on the floor and put their head on the armrest of the sofa , while resting the glass on the sofa cushion .
 A person walks into a hallway , then opens a box on the floor and takes clothes from it , then throws them back in the box and walks over to a bag of groceries on the floor .
 A person is tidying the hallway by using a broom and sweeping under a table . The person is closing the door .
 A person sleeping on a sofa wakes up and turns on a light . The person moves a curtain and looks out a window .
 A person is closing a closet door after removing a box of clothes , they then throw the box on a chair and walk away .
 A person holding a sandwich starts laughing after opening a small box .
 A person is lying down and playing with a camera . The person stands up , walks , and grabs a glass . The person gets water from somewhere and drinks it .
 A person walks into the dining room and picks up a glass of water from the desk . The person takes a drink of water , then puts it down next to a bottle of medicine . The person grabs a broom and starts tidying up the room .
 Person fixing a stove by lifting the hood and putting it back in place before leaving the room .
 The person sits in a chair eating a snack and drinking something . The person sets the drink down on a table . Then the person gets up to sit at the window and talk on a phone .
 A person walks up to a stove in a kitchen , stirs something in a pot on the stove , adjusts the heat , tastes what is in the pot with the spoon , puts the spoon down , takes a drink from a glass and walks away .
 A person is standing in a red shirt and eating something while watching a television on a small desk
 A person awakens in a recreations room in front of a television while holding a broom .
 A person sitting in a chair laughing .Another person sitting in a chair holding a game and playing it while laughing .
 A person walks into the garage and closes the door . A person watches a desks and sits on the floor .
 A person is standing in the laundry room eating a sandwich and drinking a cup of coffee . The person sets down their food , and takes a box from on top of the dryer .
 a person standing up while drinking water from a glass , puts the glass down on the table then picks up a book and reads the back
 A person grasping a knife is cooking in their kitchen . They retrieve some groceries from their refrigerator and put them on their stove , before throwing out an empty Saran wrap nearby .
 A person walks through a doorway holding a glass , puts the glass in a sink , then opens the refrigerator door and removes groceries . The person puts the groceries on a counter
 A person is sneezing as the person stands in the doorway . Then the person moves a chair out of the way and begins tidying up the room .
 A person walks through the door carrying a large box and puts the box on the floor . Another person holding a bag of groceries comes in and closes the door behind them .
 A person is sitting in a chair reading a book . Another person walks into the room , also holding a book , walks out again .
 A person is leaving a recreation room putting medicine in their mouth and drinking a glass of water .
 A person is standing in the doorway of a bathroom drinking out of a bottle while holding an open book . The person then pours out the contents of the bottle in the sink , and places the cap back onto the bottle and walks out of the bathroom .
 The person drops a container of potatoes then puts it on a table before picking up a coffee mug and laughing .
 The person is sitting on the floor with a desk in front of them writing on some paper . The person puts the pen down and grabs a glass from beside the desk and takes a drink .
 Someone is sitting on a chair hugging a picture frame . At the same time , someone opens a door , walks out and closes it .
 Person enters the bedroom grasping a picture and puts it on the desk . After reflecting on the picture for a moment Person decides to leave the bedroom .
 A person turns on a vacuums and begins cleaning when another person holding clothes runs past the first person , jumps in the air then runs back . The first person continues to vacuum then eventually turns off the machine .
 A person is in the hallway watching some video on their phone . They have a towel in the other hand that they are grasping , and decide to begin throwing it down the stairs .
 Person sitting on the couch talking on the telephone with a book on lap reaches to the table and picks up a glass and drinks from it .
 Two people are in a room , one is sitting down with a cup while the other person is standing and reading . The person standing sneezes and continues to read while the other person remains seated .
 A person is taking a glass of water then puring it in the sink before cooking on a stove .
 A person is stirring something in a pot . They open a cabinet and take out a bowl to set on the counter .
 A person standing on stairs pulls a blanket off a shelf and drapes it over his shoulder and takes a drink of water . Person checls their watch then starts down the stairs .
 Person open door , walks in , turns on the light , walked into another room and looked at object in hand .
 The person runs down the hall checking doors and shutting them along the way . The person finishes with the door at the end of the hall , runs back to the middle of the hall , takes the picture off of the wall and kisses it . After this , the person squats against a wall and starts to read a notebook found on the floor .
 A person is sitting at their desk doing homework . A person begins undressing , lying on the sofa when the person finishes .
 A person is standing on the stairs they walk down the stairs and go over to the window and take some medicine while standing by the window .
 A person is lying in a pile of clothes in their home office . The person takes a picture of themselves with a camera , then begins throwing the clothes into the corner .
 A person is using a vacuum cleaner in a living room area and the person opens and then closes a drawer in a table .
 Person walks into the dining room carrying food on a plate . Person places food on the table . Person then grabs plates off of the shelf and puts them on the table . Person takes towel off of shoulder and wipes sweat off of the forehead .
 A person who has a blanket over their shoulder is standing in front of a mirror and eating food from a plate with a fork and then sets the plate down on a table .
 A person holding a cup of coffee sits down in a chair . The person lifts the coffee cup and drinks from it .
 I person is walking into the pantry smiling , then they pick up a can of food , and shut the pantry door , turning the doorknob .
 A person wrapped in a blanket looks around the room . The person removes the blanket , walks over to the sink and turns on the water .
 The person enters the bedroom and , after taking off their shoes , places a book on a table next to the bed . The person begins sneezing and then starts laughing upon realizing that allergy season is nearly over .
 A person stands in the laundry room eating some food . They take a glass and drink from it .
 A person in the bathroom is undressing by taking their jacket off . They start laughing at a joke they remembered , and then take a glass of water off of the table and start drinking it .
 A person opens the pantry door , turns on the light , takes a camera off the shelf and leaves .
 The person stood near a bed snuggling a blanket . They grabbed a notebook and threw it onto the bed . The person then continued snuggling the blanket .
 A person walks into the room , throws shoes on the floor , picks up a laptop and works on it while standing .
 A person enters the room and checks their hair in a mirror before sitting down and retrieving a pair of shoes from beneath a table .
 A man walked to a stove , touched a dial , walked over to a counter , picked up a can , then picked up a sandwich and took a bite .
 A person walks over to a table , picks up some food , walks over to a chair and sits down . The person starts to eat the food while watching TV .
 A person is looking at a picture in a magazine as they 're eating food off a dish sitting on the corner of the sink in their bathroom . They close the magazine and pick up a broom as they leave the bathroom .
 A person walks in the door holding a blanket in their hand . The person puts down the blanket and picks up a broom , then leaves .
 The person is opening the dishwasher door , and then takes the dishes out of the dishwasher and places them in the cabinet .
 a man is sitting down and flips through a magazine and then hugs the magazine . A man is walking , talking on the phone .
 A person empties food from a bag into a trash can . They then pick up a plate from a table , and come back for another plate from the table .
 A person sits on the stairs , playing with their camera . The person smiles as they put the camera onto a desk .
 A person is sitting and using a laptop while eating chips . Another person walks over and starts cleaning the table with a mini vacuum .
 A person is picking up a shoe form a window sill and washing it with a small towel .
 A person looks outside while clipping away at something in their hands . The person continues messing with the small thing in their hands .
 A person starts sneezing when fixing a vacuum , then takes a bite out of sandwich
 A person opens a fridge and gets some food out . The person puts the food on the table and pours some drink into a mug , then fixes up a plate of food .
 A person sits on a bed , grabs a book off of a table , finds a picture in the book , puts the book back on the shelf , and stares at the picture in their hands .
 A laughing person walks into their bathroom playing a game on their phone and close the door . They grab a medicine bottle and take medicine while looking in the mirror .
 A person is snuggling in a blanket and laughing while looking at a book . The person then turns off the light and leaves .
 There 's two people sitting at the living room table . Both are eating out of their own separate bowls while talking to each other .
 The person picks up a brush and places it in a cabinet . The person removes a bowl from the cabinet , looks at it , and places the bowl back where the person found it . The person grabs the bowl again , and then places it back into the cabinet a second time .
 A person is looking at the switchboard , adjust the plug in it , then walks near another board , insert the charger in it , and keep the wire on the window , another person comes in with holding a camera in his hand takes a picture of a first person , who is bending and picking up some wire from the ground .
 A person walks down a hallway and into a room , carrying and snuggling a pillow and blanket . The person walks across the room and over to a door , and then looks out the door .
 A person is looking in a mirror in a room while holding a phone . They then take a picture of them self .
 A person is looking out a window , clothed in a blanket . The person periodically takes a drink from a glass . The person then walks outside .
 A person is smiling while siting in a chair and playing with their phone while also watching tv .
 A person is sitting in a chair and eating at the table . Then , smiling , the person walks over to the wardrobe .
 A person is in a recreation room removing their shoes and undressing , they then put the TV on and turn off the light .
 Person is lying in bed sleeping , then starts awakening due to loud noise from vacuum cleaner .
 A person in their home office is working on some homework at their desk . They stop and start playing with their shoes .
 This person walks into the living room , picks up a piece of clothing , fold it , and throws it on the desk .
 The person picks up a pillow and tosses it around a bit before throwing it on a bed next to him . The person then picks up a bottle and examines it .
 A person is standing snuggling a pillow while another person stands and covers themsevels with a pillow and then they walk to the door using the pillow to cover themselves
 The person grabbed a cracker from a box and threw it in his mouth before grabbing a drink from a glass and taking the broom and out of the room .
 A person is stirring something in a pot on the oven . The person then goes to the refrigerator , grabs a beverage and starts drinking to quench their thirst .
 A person is standing in front of the window drinking a cup of coffee and holding a newspaper . The person puts their coffee down on the desk and throws the newspaper in the garbage .
 A person is sitting on a pillow in the closet drinking a glass of water . The person picks up the dishes and begins leaving .
 A person walks into the kitchen and turns on the light . The begin running around undressing and then pick up a broom .
 A person is sneezing into a towel and then grasping a book in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person in the bathroom is undressing by taking their jacket off . They place their jacket in a bag , and pick up a pillow on the floor . They start drinking from a glass of water .
 A person is sitting on the toilet with the lid down working on homework , using their lap as a table and drinking wine and laughing .
 The person walked across the room wrapped in a blanket and carrying a pillow and opened a door .
 A person stands in front of a small closet , opens the door bends down , and takes out a long sleeve dress shirt . The person puts on the shirt and buttons it up .
 A person is closing a bag . Then a person is leaving with a chair they are taking out of the pantry .
 The person is seated in a chair . The person picks up a book from a desk , then sneezes twice . The person sets the book on the desk . The person picks food up from a plate on the desk , takes a bite and returns it to the plate . The person picks up the book .
 Someone is sitting in a chair . They reach over to a table and grab a camera and take pictures directed towards the windows .
 A man is sitting at a table that has a medium sized open box on it . The man looks in the box and shuffles the crumpled packing paper inside it . He then places the box on the floor next to him .
 Three people are in a kitchen . One is walking , the other is sitting , and the last on is eating chips . One of them walks through a door and the other one closes the door .
 A person put clothing into a bag . The person then began folding a blanket and pants , and then took a coat off of a hanger .
 The person picks up computer and puts it back down on the table . The person looks out the window , closes it , and walks out the door .
 A person is walking down the hallway holding a coffee cup and a laptop and while trying to close it sneezes and drops the cup .
 The person is looking at themselves in a mirror in the bathroom . They fumble with objects on the bathroom sink and take a pill .
 A person is sitting on some stairs with a laptop . The person removes some papers from a backpack and shuffles them around..
 A person takes of a jackets and throws it on a sofa . The person then picks up a blanket and wraps themselves in it and sit on the sofa .
 A person carries groceries in a bag to a cabinet , then opens and closes the bag and puts it on a counter . The person next opens a cabinet and puts dishes on a shelf .
 This person is in a bedroom . This person throws something on the floor , gets into bed and then opens up a book .
 A person sitting on a bed with their hands up to their face.Another person carrying a pair of shoes and clothes .The person starts throwing clothes on the floor .
 A person is holding a broom while picking things off a floor . The person walks over to a door and closes it before inspecting the bottom of the broom .
 A person is standing in a stairway littered with clothes . The person throws the first item of clothing down the stairs and then picks the rest
 The person is standing , holding a book and a mirror . The person polishes the mirror with a rag . The book is open . The person closes the book .
 A person holding a glass picks up clothes off the couch and folds them then sets his glass on the table .
 A person is sleeping when the ringing of their phone on the night stand awakens them . They look at who is calling , turn the phone off and throw it off to the side . They grab some medicine from the stand and take a pill before going back to sleep .
 Person is talking , turns away and sneezes . Opens cabinet and removes red bag . Sneezes some more , then removes paper towel and wipes hands and face . Person continues talking and moves bag .
 Person in the bathroom tidying up by putting things away in the cabinet , closing it , and then picking up a cloth and cleaning the mirror .
 2 people are standing in a living room and holding plates of food while laughing at the television . One person drinks from a glass .
 A person walks into their bedroom drinking a glass of milk and taking their medicine . The person sits on a pillow .
 The person removes a box from a cabinet and almost drops it , then places it on the counter , opens it to view the contents and laughs at what is inside .
 A person is sitting in a chair . The person is inspecting the lamp . The person turns on the lamp . The person drinks from a cup from the side table .
 A person is talking on the phone while holding a cup of coffee . The person puts the cup of coffee down and starts running down the hallway back to their room .
 They are in a room , where one is sitting by window who stared for a while and spit something out and threw out and tried to close the window , while other one is sitting on bed and reading a book ,
 A person is eating a sandwich and drinking coffee from a cup before walking through a doorway into another room to put the items on a shelf and take off shoes .
 A person enters their home and closes the door . They stand at the door for a moment , then put down the bag they were holding . They take off their outer layers of clothes and toss them on a chair .
 A person turns on the light in the laundry room and sits down on a chair . They drink a cup of coffee while watching the washing machine do its work .
 A person is swinging a broom around and puts it down then another person comes and grabs some dishes and takes them to the kitchen .
 A man walks across a kitchen and closes a refrigerator door . Then he bends down and picks up a broom . He waves the broom around as he walks out of the kitchen .
 A person throws a towel on a chair then takes the glass off the table .
 A person is working on their laptop in the pantry . The person then closes up the pantry by grabbing the doorknob .
 A person runs to the open window , closing it . The person laughs as they take off their shoes .
 A person is sitting in a chair drinking coffee . The person puts the mug on the floor and takes of their shirt .
 A person is holding a doorknob and slightly closes the door . The person goes to a desk and grabs a glass and some chips . They then turn off the light and walk away .
 A person walks down the stairs quickly . Before they reach the bottom of the stairs the person picks up a bag and place a pair of shoes in it . The person then removes their coat and walks away .
 A person is holding a box . Another person looks at a light and stands on a motorcycle .
 A person walks into frame and puts on a jacket . The person walks around , stands next to a vacuum cleaner , and then walks away out of frame .
 A person is standing on the stairs pouring water on the floor . Another person walks by with a vacuum to a door and grabs the doorknob .
 A person walked into a room from the outside . This person was wearing an orange shirt and sandals . The person was pressing buttons on a cell phone when the person sneezed onto a cup of water that was picked up . The cup was put down .
 A person opens a door and walks in holding and reading a book . The person reaches down of camera and takes a pair of shoes , then walks out of view still reading the book .
 A person is typing on a laptop that is sitting on top of a washer or dryer . They type for a bit , and then when the screen goes dark , they pick up a broom and begin to sweep the area around where they were standing .
 A person is sweeping the stairs while wearing a towel . Another person runs up , takes the broom , and throws it in the air .
 A person is cooking at the stove . Suddenly , they leave the stove , go to the window , and start throwing towels and yelling .
 A person is playing on the sofa and then snuggling with a pillow in the recreation room / man cave .
 The person snuggled with a blanket on the sofa in the living room . They used the TV remote .
 A person is holding a camera and walking around a room . They look at the television , and sit down on the couch . Then the person begins smiling and laughing while watching television .
 A person carrying a box goes up to a cabinet . That person then does something to a shelf in the cabinet .
 A person is sneezing while walking up the stairs holding a towel . They then begin to snuggle a pillow that they found on the stairs .
 The person stand in front of closet . The person sneezes in a towel . The person looks in mirror and fixes hair and clothes .
 A person is on the phone while another person walks back and forth with a bag .
 The person walked back and forth several times in front of a kitchen window , holding two pieces of bread in her hand while doing so .
 A person is closing the door and setting a bag on the table . Smiling , the person sits on the toilet seat and begins to remove their shoes .
 A person is walking in a hallway , picks something off the floor , and puts it on a shelf or in a door .
 A person is grasping a vacuum , desperately trying to clean under the table . There is food there that they can not reach , so they give up and walk away .
 person comes into bathroom with a bag , opens bag and takes out a book , puts it back then opens cabinet , looks inside then closes it and leaves .
 A person is holding dishes over the sink and washing them .
 A person is holding a camera . They put the camera in a cabinet and then walk across the room , open a door , and go inside , shutting the door behind them .
 A person pours liquid into a cup then begins drinking it . Then the person puts food from the pantry into a bag .
 A person is laughing into a phone and then taking off shoes in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person pushes away their dishes and plays on their laptop at the dinner table while a person quietly sits and watches .
 A person sits on a sofa opening and reading a book . They take a glass of water and drink some .
 A person is in a garage holding a box of shoes , they then start tidying up by putting the box on a shelf .
 A person wearing glasses walks through a doorway while drinking tea from a glass . After entering the room , the person sits down on a chair in front of the television and watches while drinking .
 A person is cooking food on a stove . A person opens the oven and then picks up a plate , washes it and puts it in the sink . A person then opens a door , closes , the door , and leaves .
 A person walks to a shelf and puts some clothes on it . Next the person walks away while grasping a broom .
 A person in the bathroom grasping a medicine bottle and a glass of water . Puts the water down and begins tidying up the counter top .
 a person holding a box runs up stairs and almost bumps into another person walking down the stairs while eating a sandwich . the person stops at the bottom of the stairs and finishes the sandwich .
 The person is sweeping things from the ground . The person kneels over and sweeps from under their bed . The person gets up and opens the door .
 A person is undressing in the laundry room , throwing their clothes into the desk . The person wraps a blanket around themselves .
 A person is sitting down wrapping a towel around their shoulders . They stand up , look in the mirror and fix their hair .
 Person is organizing items on a bed into a pile while pouring a drink into a cup the consuming it .
 A person is cooking on their stove . They reach into a cabinet and retrieve a book off a shelf in it .
 person walks , puts laptop on table , opens closet , takes out clothes opens washing machine and puts the clothes in .
 A person sits in a chair looking at a laptop computer . The person leans back and takes off their glasses . They reach for a glass to take a drink , then put it down to grab a sandwich . The person takes a bite from the sandwich .
 A person is seen holding a towel which they put into a box . They then start pouring themselves some water and turning off the light
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a blanket over their lap and a glass of water in their hand . The person drinks the water while looking at their phone , then stands up and walks down the stairs , throwing their phone into a bag at the bottom of the stairs .
 A person is lying on and snuggling with a table , they then get up and begin vacuuming the floor .
 Person bends down picks up chair then walks chair to window and straightened it . Then person points at another person looking at and touching box . Other person looks at person .
 A person moves a curtain and picks up a camera from the wardrobe . The person then leaves the room with the camera , closing the door behind themselves .
 A person is standing on the stairs admiring a photo . They then grab their laptop off the stairs , walk downstairs , and leave .
 A person is stirring a pot of food with a spoon . They eat some food and then get a glass out of a cabinet and fill it with water from the faucet . Then they take a drink .
 person sitting in the chair , watching a movie in the laptop . opened the cap of the water bottle , poured some water in the glass and drank it
 A person in the pantry is laughing at another person who is holding some shoes in their hands . That person is tidying up the pantry , but is annoyed at the another person because they are holding some dishes that appear to be dirty .
 A person opens up a bottle of pills and takes a pill out closes the bottle and places it on a bookshelf .
 A person is walking down the hallway holding a bag full of clothes . The person puts the bag down and sits on the floor and begins to laugh .
 A person is lying on a couch using their phone with a blanket covering them . Another person is sitting in a chair watching , laughing , and covering their eyes .
 A person is dressing by putting on a jacket . Then the person puts some shoes next to an open laptop .
 A person is drinking coffee and scoots a chair to them . It has a pillow on it and the person puts their feet up to take a break .
 A person walks into the room holding a bag of groceries . They throw the bag on a couch and then walk out of the room .
 One person is working with a vacuum when another runs into the bathroom to get a book left there .
 A person is listening on the phone while going up the stairs . The person picks up a towel and waves it around as they go up the stairs .
 A person sitting on a toilet looks at a laptop on their lap . They scroll through a page , stop at an image , and begin to laugh . After a time , they eventually get up , flush the toilet , and walk out , toting the laptop . They flip the light off as they pass the switch .
 A person runs over to their sofa and snuggles up with a blanket . They fluff a pillow behind their head . They fall asleep and awaken , at which point they gulp down some coffee .
 A person is tidying up a shelf while they are drinking a cup of coffee then they move over to look out the window .
 A person is closing a door and holding a bag of food . The person is opening a bag and taking from the bag and holding it . The person then walks out of the room .
 A person awakens in a chair with a book open in front of them . The person stands up and walks to the window .
 A person walks part the doorway then begins to take out the medicine bottle from the nearest cabinet .
 A person is standing next to a couch with a broom . They start tidying , pick up a bag , and put it away .
 The person is in the kitchen holding a pillow as if it were a phone . The person looks through a cabinet , and puts an actual phone down . The person appears to be talking into the pillow .
 A person sitting in a chair laughs to themselves while paging through a book and while bouncing their foot .
 A person walks into a room and picks up a box full of clothes . Then the person picks up a sandwich , takes a bite , sets the sandwich back down and walks away .
 The person put a towel and some books from the closet into a bag . The person then closed the bag and shut the door .
 Two people sat on a couch , watching TV , while one of the people paged through a notebook , and then sneezed twice .
 A person stands in front of their bed pouring clothes out of a bag . Then the person leaves the room .
 A person steps up onto a chair and then steps down . The person picks up a laptop from the counter and steps back to sit down in the chair with it . The person then stands up and walks across the kitchen with the laptop .
 A person sat in a chair , then turned and sat back in the chair , revealing another person sitting behind and the two people laughed together for a moment until the first person turned back and reached forward .
 A person is walking in the hallway holding a book and with a towel in thier shoulder , they then throw they towel on a table .
 A person eats some food while looking around the room . The person takes some paper and writes something on it with a pen
 A person walks through a doorway while holding a mug and a book . They take a drink from their mug as they are walking .
 A person sitting at a table picks up a sandwich , puts it back down , and then stands up from the table .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror eating a sandwich . Another person is in the doorway laughing at them because the site is just funny .
 A person is talking on a phone , then takes a laptop off a table and works on it while sitting in a chair .
 A Person cleans up papers and books on a desk while another watches them
 A person runs into the bedroom carrying a camera and a sandwich . The person stands there for a moment , then takes a bite of the sandwich .
 A person walks into their office and puts a glass of milk on a table . The person starts tidying up some paperwork on their desk and starts getting dressed for work .
 A person is sitting at a table with flowers . After picking up the glass and drinking from it , the person finishes a bit of food that was on the table next to the glass .
 A person walks up a flight of stairs , retrieves a slice of bread from a bag , then eats the slice of bread .
 A person goes up to a door , unlocks it and enters . That person walks into the house and up to another person , who is sitting on the couch reading a book and drinking from a cup .
 A person walked in and opened a window . The person then put a pillow they were holding on a chair . The person then adjusted a tablecloth and lamp on a table .
 a person is cleaning a room they straighten things then they get a duster and dust then they sit on a chair and put their shoes on and then they run out
 A person walks into a hallway while eating something off of a plate . The person then opens a door , walks through it , and proceeds to keep eating in a happy manner .
 A person is in the Recreation room working out . They stop for a moment to sneeze then get out and walk to a talk to take some sinus medicine . They pour a glass of water into a dish and take the medicine .
 People playing on the sofa with a blanket around both one has book on the lap looking at it .
 In the living room , the person was eating a sandwich and drinking coffee . The other person was running to grab their homework which was dropped in the doorway .
 A person is about to exit their home when their hand lingers on the doorknob and they hesitate . They turn to look into a mirror and start smiling at themselves . Suddenly , they laugh when remembering something funny .
 A person is undressing in bed . Smiling , a person is taking their clothes and putting them in the hamper .
 A person is looking through drawers and seems to not find what they are looking for . Lastly the person looks up on a shelf and finds something .
 Person standing holding plate of food and playing with phone in other hand . Person bends and place plate of food on chair and walks away .
 A person is looking in the mirror , start combing her hair with her finger , another person walks in , open the closet , takes some pills , and walk back , the first person is still adjusting her hair .
 A person opens the bedroom door , walks in , and takes a picture with their camera .
 A person is eating a sandwich in front of a mirror then beings to laugh as they drink a glass of water .
 A smiling person sits on a pillow in their living room eating a sandwich from a box .
 A person runs into the basement and takes their laptop from the arm of the sofa . The person then quickly leaves .
 A person is grasping a doorknob and then sneezing into a phone in the basement .
 One person runs in with a broom and a bag and sneezes as another person tidies up the room with a vacuum .
 A person throws a box of food onto the shelf . The person drinks from a glass of iced tea .
 A person sits on the couch and moves a small Wii wheel around while watching tv . The person takes a sip of water and continues with the wheel .
 A person is opening a cabinet in the laundry room . They grab an object and begin walking out of the laundry room . As the person is walking out , they pick up their phone out of their pocket and answer it .
 A person is in the kitchen using a handheld vacuum to clean the counters and also a towel to wipe down the window .
 A person is sitting at a desk with a pile of clothes in front of them . The person throws the clothes onto the floor then takes a cup of coffee from the desk over to the shelf .
 A woman stands in a kitchen , where she is eating a sandwich wrapped in a napkin . She paces , then opens a cupboard and removes a napkin to wipe her mouth before putting it down .
 Person walks in door with mop , walks through hallway to kitchen , mops floor , picks up magazine and puts on shelf .
 A person is lying on a couch , grasping a pillow and sneezing . They sit up , grab a picture from a bag , and look at it .
 A person opens a wardrobe and peeks inside . The person then closes the wardrobe , picks up a jacket from the bed , and puts the jacket on .
 There is a person standing in a doorway eating food from a bag . That same person then closes a laptop that is on the floor .
 The person was getting things out of the refrigerator . It looked like the person was making a meal . The person took out several things to eat .
 One person pours something down a sink stacked with dishes , then smiles and leaves the room .
 The person is sitting on the couch holding a laptop , closes the laptop then turns on the tv as they place the laptop on the table .
 A PERSON IS SITTING ON A CHAIR PUTTING ON HIS SHOES WHILE A WOMAN IS STANDING ON A PILLOW AND BOUNCES ON IT AND THEN THE MAN STANDS UP FROM THE CHAIR
 A person turns on the light in their pantry . They grab a broom . The stop and start laughing while playing on their phone .
 A person closes the door to the dryer in the laundry room then laughs as they start playing a video on their laptop nearby and almost knock over a cup of coffee .
 A person is sitting in a chair smiling , moving around and putting their feet on a bed . They then stand up and look out a window .
 A person ins walking through a door way and is holding a pillow . The person opens a closet door and puts the pillow in there . The person is also tidying up the closet . The person then looks in a mirror and stairs at themselves .
 A person throws a towel down the stairs . They laugh , and then throw a book down the stairs too .
 A person is looking out the window and laughing they move from the window and pick up some items off of a dresser and set them on a chair .
 A person puts a box onto a shelf inside a cabinet and then smiles at the camera .
 A person plays on a phone then puts it on a shelf before taking off shoes . The person then takes a blanket off the shelf and carefully puts it on the floor as if making a bed .
 A person stands in the bathroom , watching something on their laptop which sits on a table . The person begins laughing .
 The person is sitting on the floor in front of a mirror using the reflection and the help of their hands to fix a vacuum .
 A person is walking through a kitchen holding a glass the go to the fridge open it and take some water out and pour it into the glass . Then they walk over to a desk and sit the glass on the desk .
 Person is standing by door with vacuum cleaner then starts sneezing .
 A person reads from some papers , while draped in a blanket , in front of an open closet .
 A person standing upright in a bathroom drinks from a glass for several seconds then reaches for the light switch and shuts off the lights .
 a person sits on a bed and starts putting on their shoes while also putting on a coat and putting their face into their palms in a crying gesture .
 A person standing at a kitchen counter takes a box of cookies out of a plastic shopping bag . The person opens the box of cookies , takes out another package and opens that . The person takes a cookie out of the package , sets it down , gets a plate from a cupboard under the counter , places the cookie on the plate and sets the plate on a table . The person then sits down in a chair at the table and begins to eat the cookie while looking at an empty plate .
 A person walks takes a stool , walks into a bathroom , stands on the stool , and then does something in the window .
 There is a person standing in front of a washing machine . That person picks up clothing out of it . That person then smells the clothing , sneezes on it , wipes their face on the clothing and throws it in the floor .
 A person in the hallway is washing a glass . They put the glass down and start grasping a broom they find nearby the doorway .
 A person is taking a picture of somebody else with their phone , the other person with a towel wrapped around the head takes some medicine and drinks some water from a bottle .
 A person was looking for cooking utensils in the garage . The person did n't find any , but did find an old bag with some dusty pictures in it . The person started sneezing because of all the dust .
 A person is standing in a kitchen eating something while reading a book . The person plays on their phone , then takes opens a medicine bottle and takes the pills .
 A person opens the door and walks into a darkened room , and stands there while reading and texting on their phone .
 The person walks and sits on the ground . They itch their foot and hold their head . They take a blanket and fold it up and put it on a box
 A person is sitting at a bench in a room . They throw an item in the closet behind them , and then proceed to briefly pick up a cell phone , put it down , and then instead pick up what appears to be a book and a picture .
 A person is standing in a room while looking at a phone . The person then sets the phone on a nearby table . The person then walks over and picks up a blanket that is laying on a nearby chair . The person then walks back over to where the phone was left .
 A person walked over to a cabinet and took out a jar . The person then sat down at a table with the jar . The person opened the jar and ate an item from it . The person then stood up and walked away .
 A person is cooking in the kitchen and spills an entire container of pepper . The person starts sneezing repeatedly from the pepper and runs out of the doorway , almost tripping over a chair on the way out .
 A person in a bedroom walks over to the door and sits down in front of it , looking into the mirror that is hanging on it . The person waits for a few moments before standing up , opening the door , and exiting .
 Person turns on the light and immediately sneezes . Person turns light back off and sneezes once again after turning the light back on . Person then walks to the desk and grabs a quick drink . Turns the light off and sneezes again after turning the light back on . Person A gives up and leaves .
 A person picks up a blanket and takes it into the kitchen . The person picks up a cup , pours the contents into a sink and then places the now empty cup in a dishwasher that is first opened , then closed .
 A person is sitting on a table looking at themselves in a mirror and fixing their hair . They get up from the table and walk away when they 're done .
 A person is seen taking a broom to sweep the bathroom . They begin sneezing and start looking inside of a nearby cabinet .
 A person was standing on a towel . While standing on a towel , a person began closing a container of medicine .
 A person is talking on their phone they sit at a table then they get up and take a drink out of a glass then they walk around all while talking on their phone .
 One person is laying on the floor , then sits up and shows off a pair of new shoes . Another person in a purple shirt walks to another room , and picks up what could be a broom
 A person walks through a doorway and into a bedroom.The person takes off a shirt and puts it on the bed . Another person is laying on a bed and drinking from a cup . The first person smiles .
 A person is standing in a bathroom holding a bottle of medicine . The person opens the bottle and takes some medicine . The person then takes a drink of water and then places the bottle on the counter . The person then closes the door .
 A person standing in a garage next to a light is sneezing . There is a television in the background .
 A person turns on the light then runs to the window and grasps it . They open the window .
 A person sitting in a chair with a bowl of food.The person is eating the food .The person puts the bowl on a table and walks to a shelf and starts going though the food .
 Person sitting on a bed looking a magazine when another person comes in to look in a laundry hamper before going out .
 A person is tidying the garage with a broom , then they take a towel and start washing the broom handle .
 A person is playing a game on their laptop . The person takes a sandwich from a dish and takes a bite . The person then drinks from a glass of water .
 One person is sitting in a chair holding a book . Another person touches a glass and then picks up another glass out of a cabinet and puts in on the table . The person stacks all the cups together and takes them out of the room .
 A person is fixing their hair . A person then gets a cup of coffee . A person then picks up a box and holds it .
 A person is opening a cabinet , then grasping a pillow and finally using a camera in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 In the hallway , a person is walking around holding a towel . In the other hand , they have a glass of water that they contemplate drinking from , but instead decide leaving it on the ground .
 The person walks into the house carring a box and proceeds to walk into the kitchen and sits the box on the cabinet and takes out the grapes and rinses them off under the running water from the sink .
 A person is sitting down on the floor by an open door and holding a pair of shoes . They place the shoes on the ground and stand up and begin to eat a sandwich .
 A person is standing in their pantry eating a cookie . They begin to put away their groceries , and grab the broom to sweep up the cookie crumbs .
 A person hangs a bag on a hook and then takes their shirt off . That same person then picks up the bag and walks out the room .
 A girl carries her mug into the bathroom and sets it on the sink before bending to remove items from the cabinets and cupboard in the bathroom .
 A person is standing and pouring water to wash shoes in the laundry room , when another person walks in with a stack of dishes .
 A person is sitting on the floor looking at a picture of one of the groceries from the shopping bag which needs to be put away .
 A person is standing in the doorway to the garage , smiling as they look at a picture .
 A person is sitting at their desk and working on a laptop . They stop briefly and do a little dance and get back to work .
 A person is dressing while sitting on a chair . Then a person is throwing a picture into the closet from the doorway .
 A person sits at the dining room table , playing with their camera and looking at pictures . The person sets the camera down to eat a piece of food and take a drink of coffee .
 A person moves chair while using a broom . They are tidying up and putting clothes in the washing machine .
 The person walks into a room while holding a cup and then proceeds to cut out the light in the room and close the door . then walks away .
 Person laying on the stairs with a pillow and a dog on the stairs the person reach up and touch door .
 Person throwing a pillow and then proceed to walk out of the room into the hallway .
 A person is sitting on a bed using a laptop when they sneeze into their hands .
 A person in their home office is fixing their clothes because they look a little messy . They begin sneezing when they look up at the light .
 A person stands in the garage next to a vehicle . They take a towel from the hood of the truck and sneeze into it , throw it back on the hood while laughing , then take a cup of coffee and drink some .
 A person is running to their closet with some clothes in their hand . They put them on the top shelf before bending down to look at something .
 A person walks into the pantry while laughing . They pick up a broom and a vacuum and watch the floor as they exit the pantry , still holding the broom and vacuum .
 A person is laying on a sofa reading a book while covered with a blanket . They then close the book and lay down .
 A person is getting undressed in front of a mirror and then puts the clothes in a bag .
 A person walks into a bathroom with a towel , they then wipe themselves down a bit and begin eating food .
 A person is walking up the stairs while grasping a box . They pull a phone from the box .
 A person is sitting and talking on the phone . The person grabs a kleenex quickly when they sneeze twice . Then they bring the phone back up to their ear .
 A person puts a camera around their neck and then drinks from a glass .
 A person opens the refrigerator , takes some food out and eats it . Then the person closes the refrigerator , picks up a pot , puts it on the stove and turns on the stove .
 A person looks at a wardrobe in a closet then picks up a glass of water from a table and takes a drink then returns the glass to the table .
 A person is standing and pouring a glass of water from a jar , while holding clothes . Another person is lying on the floor in the hallway , covered by a blanket , and wakes up as person 1 throws clothes on them .
 A person smiles as they read a book in the laundry room , waiting for the washer to stop spinning . They put the book down and watch the washer , waiting for it to finish . Its cycle completes and the person opens the door to take out the clothes .
 The person in the video went to the closet , got food out and ate it . Then placed the plate down . The person then grabbed something off the dresser and walked away .
 A person is sitting and folding their wardrobe . They take a sip of coffee and sneeze as they set the cup down .
 A person is undressing and looking at clothes in their closet . The person then notices a vacuum in their closer and starts laughing .
 A person sits in a laundry room chair , smiling as they look through some things on a shelf .
 A person is sitting on the stairs while doing something on their laptop . They close the laptop , stand up and pick up some clothes that are lying on the stairs . The person goes up the stairs turn the light off and their dog follows them .
 A person collects a pile of clothes on a bed and throws them on the floor . They then fluff up the blanket on the bed while another person stands with a bag and watches .
 A person enters a laundry room and opens the dryer the take out a pillow . They snuggle with it while smiling before putting it on a shelf .
 A person is working on their homework at the kitchen table . They are holding a calculator in their hand , because they are also doing math problems .
 A person picks up a bottle of water from a desk and takes a drink as the person opens the closet door before leaving the room .
 Person standing up with a laptop in hand then began to cough sat the laptop on table then sat down in a chair .
 A person is putting a shirt on . They then close the closet drawer and try to stick a small mirror to it . The mirror falls and they pick it back up and look at themselves in it .
 A person adjusts the camera , picks up a piece of paper and reads from it while picking up items out of the floor and placing them on a table .
 Two people are sitting on chairs in a hallway . One is looking at a book and the other is looking at their phone while eating a sandwich ,
 A person opens a cabinet and then closes it . And then they turn on the faucet and wash their hands . They dry off their hands with a towel .
 Person A is in a closet putting away some towels . Person A throws one that is unpleasant looking and camera and a picture leaving the closet .
 A person is sitting on a couch Another person enters the room holding a book and turns on the light . A dog jumps on the couch and the first person plays with it as the second person leaves the room .
 A person has a blanket wrapped around them and they are walking back and forth . They stop , pick up a pillow from the floor and laugh .
 A person enters a kitchen , grabs a pot and starts to cook . The person sets the pot aside and then uses a screwdriver to fix a pair of glasses . The person then walks into another room and removes their shoes .
 A person sneezes in the laundry room . The person is holding a bag with a blanket over their shoulders .
 A person walks to a closet and takes a sweat out and outs it on .The person looks in the mirror.The person bends down and picked up a book .
 A person is standing in her bedroom and reading through a book as she holds it in her hand , still standing there .
 A person stands in the doorway way of the pantry as they put away groceries . The person sneezes when they are done with the groceries .
 The person turned on the light , walked into the room and looked in the mirror .
 One person is putting a laptop on a shelf by a window , and another person is eating from a sack of groceries .
 A person standing in a hallway looking at a picture on the wall , hits the wall , then removes the picture from the wall , then walks into a room and throws the picture down into a bed .
 A person is standing in a dining area while repeatedly tossing an object in the air and catching it . A second person sitting in a doorway observing the first person . A third person is descending the stairs in the background .
 A person is sitting on a bed and holding a book , then grabs a pillow and stands . The person walks across the room and discusses the book with the pillow . A second person is flexing in the opposite corner of the room .
 A person takes several bites of food as they are sitting in a chair with a pillow , doing homework . The person stands up and grabs a cloth and begins to wipe the seat and arms of the chair .
 The person is cooking and stirs food on the stove . The person takes the spoon out of the pot and walks to the refrigerator . The person opens the refrigerator door and closes it .
 A person jogs through a doorway , taking their hoodie off and putting it on a bed . The person takes their phone out and turns off the ceiling light .
 The person is sitting down and starts buttoning up a shirt . When the person finishes buttoning the shirt , the person grabs a white towel . The person then stands up and puts the towel on a bed . The person grabs the chair and moves it out of the way .
 A person walks into the kitchen . The person grabs a towel and wipes down the stove . The person grabs a broom and sweeps the floor .
 A person is holding a pollow in the doorway while another person is sitting down eating a plate of food .
 A person walks through a room while rubbing their nose . They pick up a blanket and sneeze . They then pick up some books or papers from a table and walk away .
 A person is sleeping on a bed . The person wakes up and gets out of the bed , tidying up the bed afterwards . The person walks out of the room , only to return a moment later .
 A person is sitting at a table with a computer in front of them . The person stands up , closes the shutters of the window behind the table and computer , and puts on a blanket before sitting back down .
 A person is undressing in the laundry room . They put some clothes on a table . They grab a glass and are then seen leaving the room .
 A person stands in a bedroom doorway , removes their sweatshirt , and then sits on a long sofa that is draped with a green carpet .
 The person straightened up a bed and also vacuumed something off the floor and bed . The person removed a piece of clothing from the bed and took a drink of water .
 The person got up from the chair , took something from the top of the dresser , then walked out of sight while tucking something under the arm .
 The person is standing . Then they pick up a towel from the floor and sneeze into it . Next the person goes over to the table , picks up a mug and drinks from it .
 A person is sitting on the floor in the closet , tidying it up . The person folds a towel and places it in a box . The person puts the box under the closet shelf . The person stands up . The person looks through the clothing on the hangers . The person walks out of the closet .
 One person is in the dining room grasping a sandwich , while another is tidying up the area with a vacuum .
 A person is in a kitchen with their back to the camera . The person is washing the dishes in the kitchen sink . After the person is finished with the dishes , they grab the laptop sitting on the counter and exit the kitchen .
 A person in a closet takes out some food and places it on a counter .The person proceeds to fix the food , the person opens the bread .
 A person is sitting on the bed holding their phone . The person throws their phone onto the bedside table and gets up and walks to the mirror on the wall . The person takes a camera off the shelf and takes a picture in the mirror .
 A person carrying a pillow , jacket , and broom is walking down the stairs while another person is in the kitchen . After reaching the bottom of the stairs , the person puts the jacket on .
 A person is sitting on their sofa drinking water , then the person starts sneezing into a pillow .
 A person walks through the doorway , watching a video on their phone . The person puts their phone away .
 This person enters a home , stands in entry area for a while , holding a plate of food and a glass while smile and laughing .
 A person opens a door and walks into a garage eating a cookie . They drink a coffee and take off their shoes .
 A smiling person is sitting in their bathroom . They turn on the light and watch a video on their phone .
 A person was leaving a box in the bedroom . They started walking away , and then they turned around to turn the bedroom light off .
 A person runs into the entryway , holding a camera and smiling . The person takes a picture of something sitting on a shelf .
 A person is walking into a room and is carrying some food . The person opens a cabinet and draw . The person places the food and a draw . Lastly , the person sneezes and holds a towel .
 A person is lying under a blanket just awakening , and another is sitting on the edge of the bed putting on shoes .
 A person is looking out a window in a bedroom , gathering up some clothes that are spread out on one of the beds . Another person comes in and throws their shoes to the ground and begins to talk to the other person . They have an interaction before the video ends .
 The person takes a few steps away from the wardrobe holding a bag . The person takes something from the bag and bites it . The person closes the wardrobe door and looks at the other person .
 A person is lying in bed while watching television . After a few seconds the person gets back to working on cleaning the room . The person walks over to a vacuum turns it on , vacuuming the floor for a bit .
 A person throws some clothes on the ground . The person then begins undressing by taking off a jacket . Next the person picks up a picture and stares at it .
 A person is pouring laundry soap onto their clothes while another person is sitting and talking on the phone .
 A person walks through a door with a backpack , removes a blanket from the backpack while placing it on the floor , and finally points to the wall .
 A person is walking through a garage door carrying a dish with a sandwich on it and a glass . The person eats the sandwich and leaves through the garage door again .
 A person , sitting next to a cup of coffee is texting on a smartphone while sneezing at the same time .
 A person is undressing in front of a mirror . Then the person begins running to the closet to get a blanket , which the person wraps around himself .
 A person is walking with food in their hand , then they begin laughing and grab a doorknob .
 The person picks up a loaf of bread after walking through a small door and places a paper and the bread on the table .
 The person is sitting in a chair eating food . They get up and place the dish in the chair then begin to wash the sink .
 A person is standing at a desk , grasping a towel . The person sneezes and uses the towel to cover their mouth and nose .
 A person drinks out of a class while sitting at their desk and watching something on their laptop . They place the glass on the desk and hug a towel .
 A person closes a door , looks in the mirror and is standing there apparently thinking about something .
 A person is standing in a kitchen . Pours something into a glass , takes pills and leaves .
 A person runs into the closet and puts a bottle of medicine on the shelf . The person fixes a crooked mirror on the wall and sneezes .
 A person walks down the stairs . They pause to rearrange a bag before continuing down the stairs .
 A person is cooking with a pot on the stove . Then , they open the refrigerator and take out a coke . The person then opens and drinks from the coke bottle .
 A person is getting up after laying in bed , then they sneeze and smile while they take their medicine with water .
 A person walks in a door and picks up a towel . The person dries off with the towel and starts playing with a phone .
 A guy is walking down the steps holding books . He picks his backpack up off the floor , puts the books into his backpack and puts it back on the floor .
 A person is walking down a hallway , drinking a glass of water with one hand and grasping their groceries with the other .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror pouring out a glass of water they place the glass on the shelf and run out of the room .
 One person is throwing a phone at another person who is undressing near the door .
 A person leaves a bag of groceries and their dining room table , retrieving a fruit from it before leaving . They play with the fruit as they walk through the dining room doorway .
 A guy is standing by a chair and table and is pushing some dishes/containers to the floor and tossing others into a box . He picks a blanket up off a chair , spreads it on the floor and sits on it .
 A person is standing in the bathroom washing their face . The person takes a towel out of a bag and wipes their face , then picks up a broom and begins sweeping the floor .
 a person is sitting on a blanket on the floor by the front door with a broom beside them and they are sneezing .
 A person walks into a kitchen looking for something . They then begin to clean the stove with a towel .
 A person is lying on a sofa , holding a camera . The person sits up and sneezes , and then puts the camera in a box on the floor . The person closes the box .
 A person sitting next to a vacuum in a recreation room is watching a phone .
 A person is seen watching videos on their laptop . They begin drinking coffee from a cup .
 A person is sitting in a chair next to a bed . The person is pulling pieces of something out of a small white cloth bag and eating it . The person sets the bag down , discards a scarf onto the bed and stands up . The person walks through a doorway toward another room .
 A person is standing and using a vacuum to clean the stairs . The person is smiling and has a blanket draped over the person 's arm .
 A person is in the bathroom washing the window and smiling . The person takes a broom from the corner , turns off the light and leaves the room .
 Person puts groceries away in the pantry . Person pulls phone from pocket and answers it . Person starts to smile . Person opens bag of chips and eats while on the phone . Person ends call and leaves the phone on a pantry shelf .
 A person is holding a camera . The person sits the camera down and walks to a sink . The person washes their hands and wipes off their face with the towel as they dry their hands .
 person took a some medicine from the bottle , had that medicine with water and preparing something on the stove
 One person gets food from a shelf in a cabinet and fixes something to eat , then runs out eating .
 Person is in pantry tidying up shelf . Second person walks in takes picture of first person with camera . First person falls and ends up lying on floor .
 A person stands on a chair , opens a cabinet , and tries to reach something on the top shelf .
 The person went out the white door and then came back in . The person ate a sandwich while standing behind the bench . The person sneezed and then ate some more .
 A person left a blanket on the chair in the hallway while the house was being fixed up . The picture had to be covered as there were n't enough blankets .
 A person is reading a book , laughing at something . They stop reading , pick a bag off the floor , and start tidying around .
 A person is tidying up the bathroom with a broom while also taking their shoes off . After finishing , the person leaves the broom , washes their hands , picks up their shoes , and leaves .
 A person sitting in a chair at a desk is working on their laptop . They get up and walk away .
 A person walks in through a door carrying a book and a glass they sit down at a desk and put earphones in and watch something on the computer
 A person is sitting in a chair in the living room and then opens a drawer under the table and takes out a book . The person then gets up from the chair , walks toward a doorway , stops and walks through another doorway and turns on the light . Then the person turns around a looks behind them self twice . The person then walks into the room which has the light on .
 A person is standing at the bottom of a staircase and places an object ( which could be a cup or mug but it 's difficult to tell ) on the floor of a closet .
 A person is fixing their clothes and starts smiling . They pick up a cup of coffee on a nearby table and start leaving .
 A person in the living room is working while sitting on a chair . They are holding a book in one hand and then start eating some food .
 A person is putting a pillow into a washing machine and sneezes . Then the person closes the washing machine , picks up some papers , and walks away .
 A person is sitting on a bed , picking up clothes and looking at them before putting them back on the bed .
 A person wraps a blanket around them to stay warm as they sit at a kitchen table . They are writing a note and eating and drinking while writing .
 A person is standing by a table . A person is eating something from a box and drinking something .
 A person walks into a house while talking on the phone and stands next to another person who is sitting down playing with another phone .
 A person sits on the floor , eating something in a red container before setting the container aside and opening a book .
 A person lying in bed is looking at a mirror and smiling and then kicks a vacuum .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . The person takes a bag from the refrigerator and opens it .
 A person is standing in a kitchen washing dishes . Another person sits at a table in the kitchen watching a television . The first person opens the refrigerator .
 A person is throwing a towel on the ground in the hallway . They pick up a camera and start laughing at what they just did , and then take a picture of the towel .
 A person is sitting in a chair looking at a blank television . The person then takes some food from a bag of groceries , eats it , and places the bag back down .
 The person is sitting in a chair and then it goes moves down and the person adjusts it up and bends down picks up a pillow , tosses it and then stands up and puts it on a shelf and the grabs something off the desk and walks away .
 A person is sitting in their sofa while observing a picture on their phone . They start sneezing and then start playing with their cabinet .
 2 people are in a room . Person one is standing and taking video . Person two is laying on a bed under a blanket . person two wakes up and gets out of bed .
 A person is in the living room using their broom as a guitar and they are dancing with it .
 A person is sitting down on the sofa reading a book and drinking a glass of water .
 A person in a laundry room picks up a pair of shoes lying on a table then opens a washing machine .
 a person stands by a door laughing throwing a pillow then sits on the floor and eats food
 The person picks up what looks like a pillow and tosses it onto a pile of other pillow . The person then shakes hands with another person , goes into another room and shakes hands again .
 A person sits on a chair , looking at a picture and drinking coffee from a glass . The person rocks back and forth , and laughs .
 There is 2 people , 1 is messing with a bowl and food in the pantry , and the other person appears to be working on a vacuum
 Person A is holding a book when Person B walks around him and grabs something off the shelf and looks at a piece of paper .
 A person is putting away groceries . They begin undressing , then look confused . They grab a glass from the shelf , get dressed , and leave .
 Person is standing by door talking on phone and playing with doorknob .
 Person walking around looking at phone while bowing and then decides to look out of the window before leaving the room
 a woman in a laundry room folds and puts away some clothes , then reaches over into the dryer removing a pillow . She then sniffs the pill and rests her head on it while it is cradled in her arms
 A person sits down on the bed , takes off their jacket and sets it on a table . They pick up another object and mess with it and then also set it on the table .
 A person is awakening from their bed . The person goes to the wardrobe and finds clothes then begins dressing . They then leave through the doorway .
 A person get on the mat on the floor of the kitchen , while another paces around staring at the other on the ground .
 A person is walking around talking and drinking coffee . After a little bit the person leaves the room by grasping the doorknob and opening the door .
 A person is sitting on the stairs closing a box . They start taking the box downstairs when they notice a glass on the stairs they forgot .
 A person stands next to a bed and begins taking clothes off a shelf . The person the places the clothes onto a bed .
 A person looks at a picture in a picture frame , sets the frame down next to a bathroom sink , washes his hands , tears off a paper towel and dries his hands with the towel .
 A person is in a kitchen cooking on a stove , they then start smiling at a picture that is near by .
 the person stands facing away from the camera and washes dishes . the person finishes , rinses of their hands , dries them on a towel , goes to a crowded table and moves the stuff around .
 A person in an entry way of a house is snuggling a vacuum cleaner and laughing . They finish dressing by putting on a cap , and pick up what appears to be homework and some unhealthy snack food , taking both with them as they walk away .
 A person is standing in a doorway while smiling and holding a cellphone . Then , still smiling and holding the phone , the person walks forward and out of view .
 A person is sitting on some stairs taking off their shoes , they then begin to snuggle with a blanket .
 A person is opening a book , looking for a certain passage . They walk to the sofa and take a seat , furiously paging through the book .
 A person takes a glass from the cabinet and fills it with water . The person drinks it , then sets the glass on a desk .
 A person is seen washing the stove . The person then reaches into a bag to pull out some cleanser and begins to watch outside of a window .
 Person is running up and down the hallway , in and out of rooms , while carrying a box under left arm and phone in right hand .
 The person is holding a broom and half-heartedly sweeping a small area while glancing at a laptop computer on a counter . The person then sets the broom against the counter , opens a cupboard , takes out a red coffee mug and picks up a coffee pot to pour coffee into the mug .
 A person is in the kitchen and turns on a vacuum cleaner . They run the vacuum cleaner over the carpet a few times , and then turn it off and leave the kitchen . They then sit at the counter in the adjacent room and take a bit of some food , then get up and leave the shot .
 There is an old sofa in the garage , as well as a refrigerator . The person closes the refrigerator door , walks over to the sofa and sits down .
 A person is seen eating a sandwich then closing an open cabinet .
 A person sits in a semi-reclining position on a bed , trying unsuccessfully to use a remote control and then undresses .
 A person is walking past a door , setting a book on a table . The person drapes a blanket over their shoulder , looks at a clock , sneezes , and walks away .
 Someone is in their basement . They walk to a box and stand on it with a book in their hand . They open the book and read from it and then they close it .
 A person in the bathroom is throwing some things into a trash can . They begin dressing by putting a jacket on , and then they put some dishes onto a chair in the bathroom .
 A person walks through a hallway while drinking out of a cup . The person then bends over to pick a pair of shoes . The person then stares at the camera intently .
 A person is pouring a glass of water down the sink . The person puts the glass down and gets out their phone .
 A person takes off their shirt and puts it on the floor . The person walks over to a couch , sits down , and cuddles a towel .
 A person is sitting at a desk in a chair rocking back and forth while talking on their phone and drinking something out of a bottle .
 A person is smiling as they 're closing the door to the pantry , holding a jar of peanut butter . They are carrying a pillow tucked under their arm , and a picture in their other hand - the one not holding the peanut butter . They run out of the room with the pantry .
 A person sitting down scrubs some shoes down . The person then scrubs their other shoe down all over and then puts the shoes on the floor .
 A person is sitting on the floor looking at a laptop . The person then gets a vacuum and starts cleaning the floor
 A person is on a bed taking pictures of themselves with a phone and then takes a bite of something .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . They open the fridge and take out a piece of food .
 A person walks into a hallway places something on a table , then opens a jar of coffee and places the lid and then the jar on the table .
 A person stands in a room while staring at an object in their hands . The person then picks up a cell phone and starts to stare at it intently .
 A person is standing in front of the door . Closing it , the person turns and looks into the mirror , then opens the cabinet .
 The person is sitting at the counter then gets up , takes a laptop from the other side of the counter and sits back down with the laptop in from of them .
 Person walks through door with paper in their mouth . Person then proceeds to grab paper from mouth and take jacket off .
 A person is walking over to the window and moving the curtain . She looks out , then sets her coffee cup on the table by the window and leaves .
 A person standing in a small stairway , holding a mirror and looking into it , happens upon what appears to be a cell phone on one of the steps . The person then picks up the phone and begins looking at it .
 A person walks over to a chair , picks up some socks and throws them into another chair . Then they open a door , go through it and close it .
 A person carrying a bag grasps the doorknob to the recreation room . The person , with the other hand , is eating a sandwich .
 The person is taking clothes out of a laundry basket and sorting and folding it . They are using the top of the washer and dryer as a table .
 A person is holding the doorknob to the dining room door . The person is leaving the light on while carrying a pillow through the room .
 A person standing in front of a window is fixing a camera .
 A person walks to the shelf and grasps at a tool they are looking for . After not finding it , they sit in a nearby chair and look out the window .
 The person runs into the room holding a box . The person puts down the box on the floor and holds a cup , acts as if taking a drink and then smiles .
 A person walks into a hallway and takes off their jacket they pick a blanket up and carry it into another room then they come back out and leave the hallway .
 Person enter the room organize the table pick up a towel off the table and clean the mirror .
 A person is standing next to a desk holding a pen , and writing something in a notebook . The person then places the notebook on the desk , and closes a laptop .
 One person is sitting at a desk opening a box . Another is leaving through the doorway .
 The person walked to their bed and lied down . The person removed a camera from their pocket and played around with it .
 A person is lying on a bed under a wide mirror . Sitting up , the person begins putting on their slippers , then goes to pick up their laptop off the shelf .
 A person walks into the living room holding a bag . They put the bag on a chair and sit down , taking a pillow and snuggling with it .
 A smiling person holding a phone walks through an open door , closes it and turns on a light . They sit on a sofa , take off their shoes and play with the phone .
 A person walks into a bedroom , grabs a sandwich , takes a bite of it , then proceeds to sit down on their bed , pull out their laptop , and turn it on .
 A person turns on the light in the garage , and takes off their shoes , putting them on the ground . They take their phone out of their pocket and begin playing a mobile game before going inside .
 A person is walking through a doorway while another person is grasping a bag .
 A person is standing by the stairs holding a book . They start leaving the stairs area and place the book on top of a chair that is near by a desk .
 A person grabs a doorknob and opens the door , walking into a closet . They look at themselves in a full length mirror and begin dressing into a work outfit .
 Person walks into bathroom and places coffee on the counter . Person then stands next to laptop and quickly runs from the room after hearing something alarming .
 A person is sitting a the table . The stand up and turn off the light before leaving .
 A person is combing their hair and looking in the mirror . The person then gets a phone from on the bed and looks at it .
 Using Windex and a tissue , a person is sitting on the floor in front of a door while intensely polishing a shoe .
 A person is in a dining room , examining a picture . The person puts the picture on a shelf and leaves the room .
 A person walks through a door and looks into a mirror . They fix their shirt before grabbing a box off a bed .
 A person leans against the bathroom counter , holds a blanket against their face , then opens the medicine cabinet and looks inside , yawns an shuts the cabinet door .
 A person opens a book.The person sits down on a chair and looks at the book while smiling . Another person uses a vacuum to clean the floor and a cabinet .
 One person is sneezing while tidying up with a vacuum . Another person runs through the room with a pair of shoes in hand .
 A person is standing in a wardrobe , talking on the phone and holding a glass of coffee . The person then drinks from the glass .
 A person is standing in front of a vacuum , they are holding a bag of chips and hugging it . While they are hugging it they are rocking side to side while smiling .
 A person was eating a sandwich on the couch while they watched television . The person was also drinking a glass of water . Another person was looking at photos in a camera . The person was snuggling a blanket .
 A person is pouring their coffee into a coffee cup they are sneezing and watching tv
 A person is tidying the boxes of food on the shelf and then pouring cleaner into a towel and wiping down the door of the pantry .
 a man walks and places a vup on the table , takes a container full of medicine and shuffles through it . a man is standing in the back eating something
 A guy stands up from sitting on the floor , walks to the bookcase and picks up a book . He leafs through the book quickly and tosses it back onto the bookcase . Then he walks into the bedroom and stands and looks around .
 A person is taking groceries from a bag and throwing them to a person as the person stands by the fridge , ready to put them away .
 A person grasps the doorknob on a cabinet in a pantry and they open the cabinet and remove a bag of chips and they start eating the chips .
 A person is at a cabinet they take a drink of something and open the cabinet door , they take food and a book out of the cabinet then they close the cabinet door .
 A person standing at a table drinking a glass of water , then pours another glass out of a pitcher and drinks it .
 A person puts groceries inside a cupboard . The person takes two stuffed toys from another cupboard , walks to a chair , sits in the chair , and plays with the toys .
 A WOMAN WALKS TO THE DOOR , SLOWLY OPENS IT AND A MAN WALKS OUT HOLDING TWO TEAPOTS ON TRAYS . THE WOMEN THEN CLOSES THE DOOR AND THEN OPENS THE DOOR AND EXITS OUT AND REUNITES WITH THE MANAC
 There is a person sitting on a couch . That person opens a laptop and types/works on it , after awhile they partially close the laptop .
 A person is walking down the stairs reading a book , they get to the bottom and sit down and pick up a plate with a sandwich on it .
 A person is lying on the floor with a broom , talking . Another person sits at a desk and looks at a computer .
 A person sits in a chair while holding a sandwich and starts drinking from a cup .
 A person wanders into the kitchen and opens the fridge to look around before going to the stove and cooking their food .
 A person has a sandwich , walking into the dining room , standing by the cabinet then goes to the light switch and turns on the light . Then sits on the pillow and eats the sandwich .
 Person walks by the door and began to sneeze another person walks in an looks at the pictures on the wall .
 A person stands in the doorway holding a glass and looking at a camera . A television is on in the background . A person runs in and takes the camera from them , then runs out the door .
 A person is sitting on their couch holding a pillow , watching TV . Then they get up from the couch , and turn on the light .
 A person is holding a towel and standing in the kitchen . They are just standing there .
 A person walks to a closet and sneezes , then takes a laptop from a shelf and walks away .
 A person walks into the closet , turning on the light . The person opens the cabinet door , removes a towel , and then closes the door .
 A person in their bedroom is running towards their cabinet . They grab a sandwich out from the cabinet and a glass of water . They begin drinking the glass of water , and then start sneezing .
 There is a person at the stove cooking something . That same person picks up a towel and wipes off the stove .
 A person is playing by trying to juggle the medicine , book , and food they just picked up while tidying .
 A person walks into the room carrying a pillow and blanket . They take a bite out of something and then continue walking .
 A person is throwing the medicine on a towel ! Then a person is leaving through the door in a huff !
 A is walking into a room , carrying a bag of food , and placing it on a table . The person is then walking out of the room .
 A person is watching a television , then turns and watches a laptop . Then the person stands and picks up something .
 A person is tidying up the things in the cabinet . Then , sneezing , the person begins putting clothes into the wardrobe nearby .
 A person is sweeping one part of the floor with a broom as another person is running a vacuum cleaner . The first person pauses and pours some water into a glass .
 A person is sitting in a doorway of a closet . The person 's head is resting against a book propped up in the doorway and supported by a hand . The person is holding another book and homework in the other hand .
 A person is grasping some medicine then puts it down to pick up some food .
 Two people are snuggling on a bed . One person lifts their phone to take a picture of the two of them . The second person is grasping at the phone in an attempt to stop this from occurring .
 A person is sitting at a dining table next to a window . Before them on the table is a sandwich . The person smiles and then grasps the sandwich to begin eating it .
 A person is sitting on a sofa , then picks up the TV remote , presses a button on it , then stands up and turns off a nearby lamp before walking away .
 A person , deciding that their shoes were too dirty began washing them in the laundry room , but realized that there was already a blanket in the wash , they smiled , and decided to try again later .
 Person puts bag of groceries on table , then starts running to stove and starts cooking .
 A person stands in a garage drinking a beverage out of a cup while holding some kind of box and then turns to face the other way .
 A person sits in a chair with a pillow behind his head . They sneeze , then put their hands on their head and hold them there .
 Person # 1 is sitting in a chair , reading a book and laughing . Meanwhile Person # 2 is looking at their reflection in the mirror .
 A man enters the room and sits on the chair as he puts on his coat and shoes . Then he begins to unpack groceries and put them on the table .
 A person walks through a doorway into a room and closes the door . Then they turn a light on in the hallway and look at themselves in the reflection of a picture .
 A person is tidying up in their office . The person puts papers on their shelf , then holds their hand out to open the cabinet as the person stands to reach it .
 Person in the room walked to the stool pick up a glass from the top of the stool walked in front of cabinet pick up a plate of the floor and walked away .
 A person makes a bed and puts pillows on the bed . The person takes a book from a table and sits on the bed to read it .
 A person tidied up a living room . The person held a broom , but did not do much with it . The person picked up clothes from the floor .
 A young woman relaxing right in front of the closet of a very colorful room appears to be amusing herself on a blue laptop .
 A person walks into a room lays down on a bed and covers up then they kick the covers off and sit up . They pick up their shoes and put them on then they use a broom to sweep the floor .
 A person walks into the garage , playing with their phone . The person puts their phone away , picks up a pillow , and sneezes , which causes them to drop the pillow .
 A person fixing their hair , as another person goes up the stairs , puts a cup on the top of the stairwell then comes back down the stairs
 A person carrying a laptop to a room , the person proceeds to put the lap top the table and sit down and opens it .
 A person walks into a bedroom , removes his shoes , walks over to a bed , picks up a bottle of medicine and lays down .
 A person is looking at a piece of paper while walking on stairs . He puts the paper down , picks up a book , and reads while standing on the stairs .
 A person is seen throwing dishes onto their bed . They begin fixing their bed but catch a glimpse of themselves in the mirror and begin fixing their hair .
 Person is lying on floor playing with phone book in garage .
 A person is grasping at a towel with some anger . The person then throws the towel and turns the light off .
 A person is grasping at some medicine that 's on the counter . The person then opens up a bag of groceries to look inside .
 A person grasps some food off of a shelf from a cabinet in the kitchen . The person eats the food after closing the cabinet
 A person walks threw the bathroom doorway holding a towel , the person lays down in the floor laughing .
 A person walks down the hallway , picks up a pillow , puts it on a desk . Lays down on a bench and uses the pillow as a head rest .
 A person is eating an apple while leaning against something . The person plays with the knobs on the closet and opens the closet . Lastly the person walks out of the room .
 Person is walking into laundry room , another person is grasping clothes by the window .
 A person is sitting in a chair working on a laptop and then they close the laptop and grab a bag of food .
 A person takes some folded washcloths and puts them down . The person picks up a cup and drinks from it a few times .
 A person sits at the bottom of the stairs , tying their shoes . The person stands , and opens a nearby door .
 The person is standing in the room , drinking a glass of coffee . The person then opens a door , picks up a book , and leaves the room .
 There is a person washing their hands in a sink and dries them with a towel . That same person then picks up their homework and shoes and leaves the room .
 A person is working on a laptop . He sets it down , walks to the television and picks up a glass of water that has been set on top of it .
 A person is in their bedroom watching a video on their phone . They start drinking from a glass of water while putting a blanket on the floor .
 There is a person holding a book standing on stairs by a window . The person sneezes and walks away from the window . The person then puts on another shirt over the one they are wearing .
 A person is writing in a notebook at a desk sitting on a sofa . Another person opens the door , takes off a scarf , and throws it on the person at the desk . The person at the desk rubs their head with the scarf and the other person leaves . The person at the desk continues working .
 A person lying on the floor awakens then stands and opens a cabinet . The person picks up a box and puts it on a shelf in a cabinet . the person closes the cabinet , turns and picks up a laptop that is carried out of the room .
 A person takes a drink of water and sneezes . The person picks up a pillow and book and strafes back and forth .
 Two people are standing in a doorway . One is holding a broom and the other one is holding a dish and a cup .
 A person working on a camera .The camera flashes the person steps back some and keeps looking at the screen on the camera .
 A person is sitting in a bathroom holding a broom , they get up and as they are leaving they close the door behind them .
 A person is sweeping the floor , picks up a cell phone off of a table , and then proceeds to lay on the floor while playing with the phone .
 A person removes some coffee from a shelf , then puts it down on the counter before removing several more items in boxes .
 A person wearing a sweatshirt screws a light bulb into a wall fixture , turns the light on , grabs a pamphlet and then leaves the room .
 A person is standing by the sink washing a glass .
 The person wearing a towel around his shoulders is sitting in a chair drinking from a mug . After taking a sip from the mug , the person sneezes .
 A person is walking down a staircase while drinking from a water bottle and holding a shopping bag , and at the bottom of the stairs the person puts the bottle in a trash can and they walk out a door and close it behind them .
 A person is seen throwing a towel down the stairs . They watch it fall down and retrieve it , and then put it on a bed .
 A person is sitting in a chair , infront of a desk with a laptop . Person starts cleaning the exterior of their laptop , then lays laptop on the floor .
 A person sits down at a desk and rest their head on it . The person then vacuums .
 Person looking into a cabinet moving items around in the cabinet while sitting in a chair .
 A person is standing and watching television . Another person comes into the room and throws a book down on the floor at his feet .
 A person is vacuuming the floor and smiling . As they finish tidying up they drink from their coffee .
 A person wipes down a bed sheet with a rag and proceeds to take out their phone from their pocket and places it on top of a pillow .
 A person is closing their bedroom door as they enter the hallway . They walk into the laundry room and put their blanket into the washer for washing .
 A person enters their home office with a camera . The person begins to tidy up the desk for a few seconds , moving a couple dishes from the area , and then walks around the office with the camera , snapping several pictures . The person then leaves the office with the camera .
 A person awakens and sits up on the couch . This person places a plate onto another plate and places a bowl on top . This person then closes a notebook , moves an ink pen , puts a small box on top of the notebook and folds a towel and places it to one side . The person then picks up the plates and stands up with them .
 A person is sitting on a toilet undressing . The person stands up and grasps their camera phone in the person 's hand . The takes a picture of themself with their camera phone against the door of the bathroom .
 a person sitting down with a blanket , playing on their phone and eating a sandwich , another person laying on the floor then sits up .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a desk while typing on a cell phone , and a second person enters the room , touches the sitting person on the shoulder , and then leaves the room again .
 The person is holding a square piece of food on a paper towel , shows the food to the camera , places the food and paper towel in the refrigerator , then bends down to pick up a pillow and walk out of the room .
 A person can dress in front of a mirror in their man cave , A person can hold a camera in their man cave .
 A person walks all the way to the end of a hallway carrying a glass in one hand and two dishes ( dinner plates ) in the other . The person suddenly turns around and sets the two plates down on the floor . Then the person walks all the way to the opposite end of the hallway , taking the glass and setting it down on the floor at that end of the hallway , so the plates are at one end and the glass is at the other .
 A person is standing in a closet holding a doorknob , they are watching television .
 A person walks into a kitchen , opens a cabinet , gets a plate off the top shelf , closes the cabinet , stands and looks at the plate as if he is thinking , then walks out of the kitchen with the plate .
 someone walking into the bathroom with the light on then walks out into the hallway then turns the light off and goes back into the bathroom
 The person is eating something they are holding in their hand . The person is beating on a pink stool as if playing drums . The people are sitting and seem to be listening to music coming from a laptop computer . The person is interacting with a computer .
 A person stands in a doorway and looks at their homework . The person then puts a book on the floor .
 A person walks into a kitchen and opens the refrigerator . The person takes out a glass of water and takes a drink , then walks over to the sink and pours the rest of the water out . The person then leans down , picks up a towel , and walks away .
 A person walks across a room and props a broom against a desk .
 A person walks across a room and sits down in a chair at a table.The person opens a laptop and starts working on the laptop .
 A person is watching something on their laptop while grasping some clothes they picked up from the floor .
 A person in the bathroom talking on the phone and laughing . Then they open the door turn off the light and leave the bathroom .
 A person is holding a bag and leaving through the doorway .
 A person is seen opening the doorknob going into the living room . They are seen standing and holding a pillow . They put the pillow down on the table and are seen drinking a cup of coffee .
 The person walks into the hall , sees a bag , picks up the bag , carries it a brief distance down the hall then sets the bag down again and makes a call .
 A person grasps a pair of shoes and clothes and begins to get dressed as they peer over to look at a television .
 A person is walking down stairs carrying a camera . The person then sneezes a drops the phone into a laundry bag of clothes .
 A person is standing at the kitchen sink and takes a drink from a cup and then lies down on the kitchen floor spreadeagled .
 A person takes a jacket off in the closet and hangs it up on a clothing rack . The person then sits down with a pillow in hand .
 A person is walking down the stairs while drinking a glass of water in one hand and holding medicine in the other . The person sneezes as they get to the bottom of the stairs .
 Person walks over to dresser and opens up the top drawer , and then stands looking at self in the mirror .
 A person turns on the light while holding homework in their hand . The person then begins eating and drinking food in the pantry .
 A person is playing with a camera on the living room desk . Another person runs in , takes the camera , and runs out .
 A person folds a towel and opens a cabinet and puts the towel in then closes the door . Then they pick up a cup and drink from it .
 A person is is putting together their phone while wearing a green blanket and orange sandals .
 The person piked up some debris on the stairs and then started to clean some other areas of the dwelling . Specifically , the person cleaned a chair seat very thoroughly .
 A person is standing in the kitchen and washing dishes while another person sits on a sofa in the living room holding an empty glass
 A person takes off a shirt and puts it down . Then the person puts a dish in the sink , begins to wash it before picking up some food and eating it .
 A person awakens in their recreation room on a sofa holding a book . The person starts dressing and runs from the room
 A person grabs a doorknob and opens a door to their study . The person opens a window and reads a book .
 A person walks into their home office , takes a camera from the chair , and runs out .
 A person walks into a bathroom talking on a phone . The person then begins pick things up off the floor and placing them into the sink . The person then picks up some clothes off the floor and walks out of the bathroom .
 A person is sweeping the floor with one hand using a small broom . The person stops sweeping and takes some grocery items out of a bag on the kitchen counter .
 A person is lying on the floor with a pillow and a book . A person awakens and begins to look at a book . A person then throws a book
 A person sits on a toilet holding a cup of coffee and a container of medicine , unscrews the lid of the container , then stands and takes a drink from the cup .
 A person is sweeping the floor with the broom . Another person enters the room , walks to the table and picks up a hat . That person puts on the hat , waves at the person who is sweeping and walks out the door .
 A person opens a drawer , pulls out some kind of cloth , and starts manically laughing at the cloth laying on the table .
 A person moves a laptop and turns pours some water in to a cup.The person takes a bite of a sandwich and get a drink of water .
 Person is gasping doorknob and starts opening door and putting clothes on floor .
 A person takes a bottle off a shelf , and then places bananas on the shelf . The person begins cleaning up the shelf .
 A person awakens on the floor of the closet , on top of their homework . The person puts the homework on the shelf and laughs .
 A person stands in the closet , looking into a mirror . The person smiles , then pulls out their phone and takes a picture .
 A person removes a box and a bag from an open cabinet before leaving the room .
 One person puts down a pair of shoes , then holds the doorknob and starts sneezing .
 A person is typing on a laptop , placed on a bed . The person then removes their jacket and tosses it in the direction of the bed .
 a person laughing at a show on the laptop then goes to the washing machine and takes out some clothing then folds it
 A person opens a doorway to get into the house while holding a book . The person trips and the book falls out along with a bookmark . Laughing at the clumsiness , the person picks up the book and begins fixing the bookmark back to its original location .
 A person is sitting working on their laptop when they greet a person who just walked in the room then they get up and look at themselves in the mirror .
 A person is lying at the foot of the stairs . Another person runs past and up the stairs , holding onto a bag of groceries . The first person gets up from the floor and starts sweeping with a broom .
 The person was walking by the door of the bathroom and decided to start tidying up . The person noticed a box that had been left on the floor .
 A person in the entry way is holding some clothes . Another person is standing their smiling while fixing their hair to match a picture that they are looking at .
 A person opens a window in the living room . That person then plays with the light switch , turning it on and off several times .
 Person is sitting on a chair in front of a desk , person touches some clothes on the floor then stands up and picks up a book on the desk and reads it .
 A person is sleeping on the couch covered in a blanket , they then awaken .
 A person is lying in bed near a plate with a sandwich on it . The person then picks up the plate and eats the sandwich . The person straightens the pillow and takes a cup off the table , drinks from it and puts it back .
 The person opened the door to the room , entered and closed the door . The person then took the bag off of the table and went upstairs .
 A person is standing in the closet undressing and holding a phone then they throw their jacket on a chair .
 The persin opens the dryer door and begins folding clothes as the person sits in front of the dryer then closes the door of the dryer .
 In the kitchen , a person is cooking some eggs on a frying pan . They begin to eat some food they find from the refrigerator , while looking out the window .
 A person unbuttons his shirt , then tries to use the remote control for the TV . Then the person turns off the TV , picks up a book from a shelf beneath the TV , sits down in a chair , and begins to read the book .
 A person cleans a cabinet draw and their phone . They then get up from the chair they were sitting in , taking a vacuum cleaner with them .
 A person is squatting in a box on the floor . They stand up , laughing , while throwing homework into the air .
 Person in kitchen , looks out window and behind them multiple time . Animal on floor sniffing around . Person walks to chair , sits down , laughs , animals jumps on person , person laughs , places hand on counter and laughs more .
 A person walks in and places a box on a table . The person sneezes and then places a picture into the box .
 A person in a kitchen takes some dishes out of a cabinet and then fills a glass with water from the kitchen sink and begins to drink the water from the glass .
 A person is tidying a desk . Then the person grasps a light from a shelf .
 A person is standing in their bedroom while undressing by taking their jacket off . They put a picture onto their bed and hold a camera up towards the door .
 A person laughing in their closet wags their finger at their vacuum cleaner . They peer over their shoulder through the doorway to make sure no one has seen them being so silly . Throwing a jacket on to a shelf , they grab their camera and run away .
 A person is taking a picture while a different person sneezes while holding a blanket .
 A person is awakening in a office while resting their head on a book , afterwards they start eating a snack and drinking some coffee .
 A man wearing a long sleeve shirt begins folding a coat . The individual then grabs several items from a closet and moves toward a kitchen counter .
 A person walks into a laundry room and puts a pillow in the washer then grabs and works on a phone .
 a person looking down a laptop on a table while standing up and eating snacks , picks up the laptop and continues watching something on the laptop
 A person walks in with a backpack . The person sits the backpack down . Another person walks in and begins sweeping .
 A person awakens in their bedroom under a blanket . They watch television while drinking coffee .
 A person sits on a sofa reading a piece of paper intently while another person stares at them while drinking out of a cup .
 A person is laying on a bed watching TV . They sit up and continue to watch TV . A dog comes in and the person pets the dog . The person then gets up from the bed .
 The person holding a pillow hung a towel over a doorway . They then left through the doorway .
 Someone walks into a bathroom with a broom , spray , and towel . They put the towel on the door and spray the floor and begin brooming and then they leave .
 A person walks through the doorway with a load of laundry . The person looks out the window then starts washing the clothes . The person watches as the machine fills with water .
 The person comes out of a room holding a towel . The person folds the towel , opens another door , and puts the towel on a shelf , closes the door and walks away .
 A person is sitting on the stairs , reading the label on a medicine bottle . The person laughs as they take a bite of a sandwich .
 A person is working on a laptop in the basement . The person begins laughing and grasping a pillow from the floor .
 A person walks in with some clothes , watches tv . The the person then sits down and looks at a laptop .
 A person is sitting and doing their homework . Then , standing , the person reaches up and begins taking books off a shelf .
 A person dusts off a statue with a cloth then puts statue back on bookshelf , picks up a book from a table , sits on the table , looks at book briefly , then closes book .
 A person sitting on the toilet pulls a laptop from a book bag and the closes it . They put the bag on the ground .
 A girl is laying on a couch holding a book while she reads , then she lays the book down on her chest and shuts her eyes to nap .
 A person walking down the hallway and finishing dressing themself , leaves their bathroom towel on the floor . They pick up some conveniently placed food from a niche in their hallway and start eating it .
 A person walks to a couch and sits down with another person , drinks from a mug and then stands up and walks away from the couch leaving the other person behind on the couch .
 A person is cleaning a pot at a sink . Another person removes a pot from a hot plate , pours the contents through a strainer into another pot , whicks them , then pours some of that into a cup .
 A person opens a door and walks into a room while holding a box . They open the box and pull out a book . They open up the book and laugh at it , then they walk out of the room .
 A person sits down on a bag and grabs a broom . They fix the broom by winding something around it .
 A person is in their living room sitting on a pillow and doing their homework . The person sneezes and starts tidying up .
 A person is sitting at a desk doing paperwork . Another person holding a bag walks into the room from outside and walks across the room .
 Two people are standing in a dining room . One of the people is present in the same spot for the entirety of the video holding a medicine container and a piece of food . The other person walks toward the wall shortly after the start of the video to reach for and straighten a picture on the wall .
 The person grasps a pair of shoes from behind the cabinet door before sitting down to put them on .
 A woman is sitting on the bed playing with a laptop while a man is moving a mirror to the nightstand .
 A person is cooking food on the stove . The person turns around to look out of a window . The person sits in a chair and starts reading a book .
 The person is sitting looking at something . The person sneezes . Another person is sitting near them . The person picks up a sandwich and takes a bite . The person looks in the mirror .
 The person reaches for some objects an a table , and moves a couple around slighty . The person then looks at a laptop , and touches the mouse . The person stares at the screen and begins to smile . The person reaches for the mouse again , pulls their hand back , reaches again , and finally pulling back . The person pulls their bag so it hangs in front of them , and rest their hands on the bag .
 Two people are laughing and playing by an old refrigerator , throwing a bag back and forth .
 A person is in a kitchen washing the stove with a rag , they then take off their shoes and throw them in the corner of the room .
 A person is sitting in the study with a broom next to them . They are fixing the doorknob .
 A person is standing in the doorway holding some groceries . Then , laughing , the person walks to the refrigerator and begins opening it to put them away .
 A person is sitting on a bed eating a sandwich . They put the sandwich down , stand up and sneeze .
 A person is grasping a vacuum while another person is laughing at dishes .
 A person is lying on a bed next to a window while sneezing and snuggling into a blanket .
 A person is sleeping on a couch with a blanket and pillow they wake up take off their shoes and go over to a table and grab a bag then they sit back down on the couch .
 A person is standing in the hallway smiling and taking a picture of themselves holding a glass of wine . The person takes off their shoes and leaves them in the hall .
 A person walks into a kitchen and laughs to themselves multiple times . The person then walks out of frame of the camera .
 A person is walking down the stairs talking on their phone they get to the bottom and put their phone on a table and open a door and go in another room .
 A person in the bedroom is drinking a glass of water while working on their laptop . They do not seem very happy and accidentally spill some water onto their bed .
 Person is walking down the hallway while opening up a cola and begins drinking it . Person then sees food on the floor and grabs a towel to tidy up the mess on the floor .
 A person is walking in the garage holding a book that they found on the desk . They start pacing faster and faster and eventually the walking has become running . Now they decide they are going to be leaving the garage .
 A person is holding a bottle of medicine . The person takes some , then throws the bottle onto the sofa .
 A person stands and eats something . The person then sweeps at blanket with a broom .
 A young person walking into the kitchen setting something down on the table and opening up the thermos and pouring coffee into a cup and walking away .
 A person is sitting on the floor in their living room and is making a sandwich from ingredients on a coffee table . They interact with a laptop .
 a person is taking off their coat and folds it in their hands while smiling . the person places the jacket down and finishes folding it .
 A person is lying on the floor looking at their phone . They get up and turn the doorknob to answer the door but the person is already walking away .
 One person runs down the stairs laughing holding a cup of coffee , while another person is fixing the doorknob .
 A person walks into a room , picks up a jacket and puts it on , then inspects themselves in a mirror . After that they pick up a nearby vacuum and start cleaning the floor .
 Person sitting at the table eating food out of a dish pick up a book and starting looking at it .
 A person is standing in the entry way , closing the front door while carrying a sack of groceries . They take off their shoes and walk further into the house .
 A person enters a small room carrying a box . Then the person takes off a long sleeve shirt , looks at a cell phone , and then walks out of the room .
 A person descends a staircase and then sits on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and does some kind of repair work on a door or door frame while sitting on the floor .
 A person is sitting at the desk . In front of them are a blanket , shoes , and a book . They get up and begin throwing objects into the corner of the room .
 A person is lying on a couch watching a laptop when their dog jumps up on them and they sit up and grab their phone and look at it .
 A person is eating a sandwich , grasping a cup of coffee , while trying to work on a laptop .
 A person is sitting at a desk and looking at something on their computer , they then pick up some medicine and begin to look at it .
 A person sitting at the bottom of the stair lean on the wall eating food and watching Television
 A man runs into a bathroom holding a pillow . Another man is standing there and the two men begin talking , the pillow still between them .
 A person wrapped in a blanket that is grasped by a hand sneezes and eats a sandwich then drinks from a cup .
 A person is standing up talking off a coat . The person folds the coat and puts it in the box . Then they pick up the box and put it on a shelf . The person walks out of the room .
 A person sitting on the couch and watching his door with a pillow on his lap .
 Person sitting on couch looking a picture and deciding to leave it on the couch before he grabs a shoe , throws it , and then takes a drink from the table and drinks it .
 A person is tidying up the bathroom by putting all the trash on the table into a bag . They are working very hard on this task .
 A person uses his phone , then puts it down on the bed . They go over to a door , close it and eat a banana .
 Person sitting in chair near a desk , person 's head falling forward imitating falling to sleep , person awakens then laughs .
 A person walks up the stairs , playing with their phone while holding a blanket . The person opens the door at the top , walks through , then closes the door behind them .
 There is a person sitting on a sofa holding a book . There is another peron sitting in a chair at a table eating .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching television while laughing . While watching , the person puts their shoes on .
 A person was looking for cooking utensils in the garage . The person did n't find any , but did find an old bag with some dusty pictures in it . The person started sneezing because of all the dust .
 A person walks into the kitchen grabs a wipe , cleans up the stove , and puts a glass in the sink .
 A person standing upright and holding a broom sits in a desk chair and maintains grip on the broom throughout .
 There is a person making coffee in a glass . That same person then opens the blinds and looks out the window .
 Person removes shoes and begins walking up the stairs grasping the rails but begins to struggle . Person ends up sneezing and accidentally touching the picture on the wall before making it all the way upstairs .
 There is a person laying in bed . That person then gets up and takes some homework and something off of a dresser .
 A person is fiddling with a door . The camera pans over to two other people regarding a picture .
 A person is watching a laptop and then running in place in front of a window in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person runs into the room carrying a broom and towel . They put the towel and broom on a sofa , then bend over and open a window .
 The person is sitting down , and picks up a package . The person begins to smile as they look through the box .
 A person is standing in a dining room inspecting a broom they have in their hand . They then grab a glass of water on the table , take two drinks , and then put the glass down and walk away .
 As the person was dressing , the blanket from the bed was visable out of the corner of the person 's eye . The person was opening a cabinet .
 A person is standing in a doorway holding a box . The person sneezes and then opens the box and closes it . The person carries the box across the room and sets it on a shelf .
 A person is holding their homework and puts it on a chair . A person then begins playing with a camera .
 A woman grabs shoes from a shelf . A man walks in with a bag . The man leaves with the bag .
 Person sitting a table drinking from a coffee mug who decides to put it down on the table to look in the box on the chair .
 A person takes a bottle of water from the refrigerator , then takes some medicine . The person sneezes .
 A person sits at their desk , smiling as they watch something on their laptop .
 A person walks towards the window and looks out of it and then walks towards a couch and sits down to tie their shoes .
 The person picks up a bag and throws it into a chair . They pick it up and tidy it , then wash the window .
 A person is standing at the stove , cooking , stirring whats in the pan with a spoon in left hand and talking on the phone with right hand .
 A person is walking into a room with a cup of coffee , they then sit down in a chair at a desk .
 A person is watching a television in a dining room . The person is also pouring a glass of water into a cup next to a box .
 A person takes a pillow from under the window . The person fluffs the pillow and laughs .
 A person is dressing near a picture . Then a person is undressing after spilling food on their clothes .
 A person walks through the doorway into an office . They are laughing as they close the door , continuing to hold onto the doorknob .
 A person standing in front of their closet opens a box and places a two towels in the box . The person places the box in the closet and takes out a pair of gloves .
 A person is putting some food into a pot on the stove . The person adds some spices and laughs . They stop cooking and pick up a phone and start talking .
 A person is sitting at a desk and throwing food at a television .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a desk . They appear to sneeze or cough . Then , the person stands up and walks away from the desk and turns to look at the vacuum .
 A person is pouring some liquid into a pot as they cook at a stove . The open a cabinet and take out a picture , and set it next to the stove while they continue to cook and gaze at the photo .
 Person takes food from the refrigerator and then walks over and eats it in front of a doorway .
 A person is sitting down by a door they pick up a pillow and snuggle it then they put down the pillow and get up and walk away .
 One person smiles and laughs while playing with some toy dishes and food before leaving the closet .
 In the laundry room is a person smiling . The pick up some food and groceries from a shelf and leave the room .
 A person stands in the closet and puts on a shirt . They then exit through the doorway after shutting off the light .
 A person is standing in a dirty room while polishing shoes with a rag . The person takes a break and smiles while looking at the laptop on the table .
 A person walks around a walk in closet carrying a blanket . The person takes some of the wardrobe from hangers and puts them on .
 A man ina red shirt is sitting on a couch when a woman lays down on his legs and then a small dog jumps up on her back .
 A person is holding a bottle of medicine , then eating a sandwich and finally standing under the doorway in a hallway .
 A person is holding a camera and taking a picture they then work on some homework on the stairs .
 Two persons are sitting on the bed snuggling . One person is holding a camera and a glass of water . The other person gets up , grabs the doorknob , and closes the door .
 A person walking in a room takes a coat and a scarf places them on a table , open a medicine bottle and takes some pills .
 A person in a blue checkered shirt stands with a cup in their hand and smiles at the camera . There is a cat in the background and there appear to be bugs flying around the room .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror in the bathroom . The person opens a small drawer , scratches his back and fixes his hair .
 A person is standing in a kitchen area while leaning upon a chair . This person appears to be watching TV while waiting for something .
 A person stands at a table and opens a laptop to work on it . A person next to them is playing with a camera .
 A person sitting at a table reading a book while another person washed the windows with a towel .
 A person throws a box of groceries onto the table . The person opens the box and takes out an item .
 A person is standing on the stairs eating a sandwich while talking to another person .
 A person standing in a room taking off teir jacket and trowing it to the floor.The person proceeds to grab a sweeper and starts placing a cloth on to the end of the sweeper .
 A person watches something on a laptop in their laundry room . They then sneeze , pick up some medicine and walk out .
 Person sitting in front of a computer looking in a book doing homework then began to squeeze
 A person turns the stove on , with a pot on top of it . The person mixes some food inside the pot and then picks up a laptop and looks at it .
 A person is pouring some water into a pot on a stove and eating a sandwich , they then walk into a room and sit in a chair while watching a computer .
 A person holding a broom opens the door to the study and walks inside . They survey the room with a dissatisfied expression and then begin sweeping the floor .
 Person sweeping outside a door in the hallway with a broom while looking into a room out the window
 A person is smiling and laughing as they use the vacuum on the stairs . They take a cup of coffee from the shelf , take a drink , then set it back down .
 A person stands by a doorway with their hand on the door . They close the door and sit down in a chair . They pick up some papers off of the bed and look at them , then they put the papers back on the bed .
 A person is lying down on a sofa with a blanket . A person then puts on their glasses and looks at their phone . A person then puts on their shoes , grabs their phone and leave .
 A person is standing in a doorway holding a cup . They turn around , grab a towel , take a drink from the cup , and than throw the towel over their shoulder .
 Person sitting in a chair with a box in hand another person standing in the hall looking at a the camera .
 A person comes into a room holding a bag they pick up a towel wipe themselves with it then they throw it on the floor and they throw the bag on the floor too
 Two people are in a room . One person is sitting on a chair watching television , while the other one is lying on the bed with a laptop .
 A person is using a laptop . The person stands up , closes the laptop , opens a box and puts the laptop inside .
 A person is watching a movie in a recreation room . The person smiles as the person is putting dishes on a shelf of the food they just ate , and continues to watch the movie .
 A person is sitting in the living room , holding a mirror . The person is watching themselves in the mirror .
 A person walks into a room and puts their laptop on a table . They open the refrigerator and take out some food .
 The person is taking things off of a shelf and throwing them into a box on the floor near the sofa while watching television .
 A person in their home study is holding a broom . They start taking the broom to the doorway , where they see a mirror and look at themselves momentarily .
 A person is sitting on the stairs fixing their phone . The person puts their phone in their pocket and takes off their shoes and throws them down by the doorway .
 Person enters the garage while sneezing . Person sets a box down and begins undressing . Person then picks up a sandwich from the box and starts eating .
 Two people are at a kitchen table in front of a window that is decorated with a happy birthday sign . One person is sitting while the other is standing . After the standing person leaves with a bag , the sitting person fixes the positioning of the chairs .
 A person is seen sitting down at a table . They begin pouring themselves some water , and leaning back in their chair as they take a sip
 A person opens the door to the pantry and begins stocking it with some groceries . The person picks up a roll of paper towels from the floor and places it on the shelf , then leaves .
 The person closes the blinds and then sits on the couch . The person turns on and plays with a flashlight .
 A person is smiling at their cup of coffe then putting a nearby pillow next to a blanket .
 A person walks into the closet , throwing a pillow onto a chair . The person leaves , closing the closet door .
 A person grasping a doorknob and holding a picture opens the door and walks into another room . They place the picture they had in their hand on to a shelf .
 A person walks into a home office , carrying a laptop . The person sets the laptop down on a table and leaves .
 A person is standing in front of the refrigerator holding a glass of water and a sandwich . The person eats the sandwich and puts the glass down on the stove .
 The person walks through the door , takes a drink , bends down to pick up a pillow then holds both the mug and pillow .
 A person is sitting on the steps with a folded blanket in their laps . They then unfold the blanket , ball it up messily , then set it down next to them . Finally , the person removes their shoes and sets them down to the other side of where they 're sitting .
 A laughing person opens a refrigerator and removes some food . The person throws the food in the garbage .
 A person walks into a room with a pillow and throws it onto a shelf they pick something up off another shelf and put it back down and leave the room .
 A person looks at a board of some sort , then puts the board away in a kitchen cabinet , then leaves the frame of the camera .
 A person is holding a phone and looking at it . Then they set it down on a table . Then they get a pot from an overhead cabinet and set it on the table .
 The person walks over to a table while holding shoes . The person places the shoes on the ground and puts them on their feet . The person then organizes some books and papers that were placed on the table .
 A person is propped up on a pillow watching television in the bedroom . The person then begins laughing for a few seconds in response to the television . Afterwards the person pulls a bag up from the ground and pulls out some papers to read .
 A person is sitting at a table and opening a box . the person begins to take groceries out of the box and put them on a shelf , sneezing as the person does so .
 A person awakens on the floor of the hallway , next to their school bag and their homework . The person smiles awkwardly .
 A person walked to a counter , stacked some books , and put the books on top of a filing cabinet . Then the person pulled a picture from the counter and moved it to a nearby box .
 A person walks in and starts to use a vacuum cleaner . They take a camera from a shelf and play with it before putting it back on the shelf .
 One person is standing in the doorway of the closet as another person walks in laughing hard enough to cover their face with a shirt .
 A person was walking towards a door . The person dropped some items on the ground . The person pulled out a camera and crouched down . The person then took pictures of the items .
 A person is in a hallway tidying up a stack of dishes , they then drink some coffee from a desk while carrying the dishes out the room .
 A person is looking at the contents of a shelf and moves things around on the bottom shelf . The person picks up a backpack and a towel . He places the towel over one shoulder , opens the backpack picks up a book from the floor and places the book into the backpack
 A person is standing still playing with a handheld video game . The person suddenly turns off the light and runs out of the room .
 A person is standing in a doorway.The open a box , and put a pillow and a phone into the box before closing it .
 A person is holding a pillow looking in their closet while playing a game on their phone
 A person was awakening in his basement next to a desk . The person grabbed his shoes and began leaving the basement to go somewhere .
 A person walks into a room and picks up a box , they take a picture out of the box , clean it with a towel and hug it . They walk out of the room .
 A person enters a closet and looks through clothes on hangers . They then bend over and begin looking for something down low . The person reaches up and retrieves a piece of clothing from a shelf and then turns and puts it in the hamper . They pick up a hand broom , turn off the light , and exit the closet .
 A person sitting down in a chair and holding a plate and cup , puts the cup on the floor then takes a bite of a sandwich , then picks the cup up and takes a drink , then gets up .
 Person in the kitchen cooking on the stove and then goes to the refrigerator to get a glass before closing it and returning to the stove .
 The person is organizing something in the distance , then takes a sip of a drink out of a cup
 Person A is in a garage . Person A takes a bite of a sandwich then reaches in a bag and takes out a music instrument and starts to play it .
 A person is standing at the sink drinking a glass of water then they pick up the spatuala and walk to the stove .
 A person is putting dishes away . A person opens a cabinet , and then starts sneezing while holding a camera .
 A person holding a broom waves it around as they pick up a sandwich from a plate on a desk and begin eating it .
 A person sits in the pantry , eating a sandwich . The person finishes the sandwich , wraps up in a blanket , and laughs .
 A man is sitting on a seat , wrapped in a blanket , while he drinks from a cup in his hand and adjusts the blanket several times .
 A person walks into a room holding a book and turns on the light and sits down in a chair . They pick up another book from a table and start writing in it . Then they get another book and open it up .
 This person is sitting on a chair next to the refrigerator , takes out a purse , puts it back in the fridge , then the camera turns to a person washing dishes at the sink .
 A person is sitting on the couch in a living room while watching television and fidgeting with a small camera .
 A person lying on a bed awakens . They sit up and put on some shoes . Next , they stand up , grab a towel and walk away .
 A person in a bathroom gasping dishes washes them in the sink . The person begins tidying up their bathroom , grabs a pile of clothes and leaves .
 The person is fixing their hair and straightening their hoodie in front of a mirror . The person then sits on a bed , picks up two different shoes , claps them together , and looks inside of each one.0 0
 The person is running towards a room and once there combs the hair while looking at the mirror . The person then slightly closes the door and looks at the cell phone .
 Person sitting on the floor looking into a mirror , smiling , fixing hair , and then putting it on the shelf .
 A person is sitting on a chair drinking for a coffee cup . The person picks up an orange .
 A person walks down some stairs with food and drink in hand . The person takes a sip of the drink and then puts the cup down
 A person is using a vacuum and tidying the room . Another person enters the room laughing . They are holding a glass of tea . They offer the tea to the person cleaning .
 As the person continued walking up to the mirror to get a better look at their hair , they decided to pick up the blanket lying on the bed . Putting the blanket around them since there was a chill in the room they began laughing as if a childhood memory had appeared in their head , a memory of dressing up for Halloween with a broom in hand .
 A person runs into the kitchen , then sits down and removes their shoes . The person stands up out of the chair and walks to the door , putting their hand on the doorknob .
 The person was standing , put on a jacket adjusted the jacket looked in the mirror put on the jacket hoodie .
 There is a person sitting on the floor doing homework . Another person is laying in bed and sits up , removing the blanket .
 A person in the living room stands up and moves something . They return and begin to read a book while snacking on a piece of food .
 A person walks into a room through a door and walks to a table.. A person grabs a paper from the desk , and tosses a towel on the floor . The person then leaves the room and shuts off the light
 A person is smiling and laughing at a table with another person , sharing food . One person picks up a book and points at a certain word and they begin laughing some more .
 A person throw a bunch of clothes on the floor . Then they go around picking up the clothes and putting them in a bag .
 A person running up a stairs.Another coming down the stair talking on a phone.The person on the steps start laughing.The person on the phone is laughing as well .
 The woman was in front of the stove stirring something she was cooking . Then moved over to the counter area and wiped something on the counter .
 a person is closing a door to a wardrobe , then putting his hands in his pockets and smiling , then walking to another door and going through it .
 A person is standing on the stairs and continue to walk to the top . When they get to the top they pick up some shoes on the landing and then bend down to look underneath a shelf . They put their hand under the shelf and move it around as if swatting something out .
 A person sitting on the couch drinks some water . The person puts the cup down and runs out of the couch , and adjusts themselves in a mirror .
 A person is sitting on the couch drinking a soda while doing homework . Another person walks into the room and begins to tidy up the clothes that are laying around the room .
 A person walks in to a room opens a refrigerator door and moves stuff around , the person proceeds to turn and wash their hands in the sink .
 A person is sitting at a desk . They tidy up the desk and then open their laptop . They then turn the laptop on .
 A person is running the vacuum and then dressing in front of the mirror in the laundry room .
 A person opens a refrigerator door and removes food containers . The person puts these items on a counter , opens them and begins cooking on a stove .
 The person opens the bathroom door and begins undressing , then looks down at the clothes/camera .
 The person is sleeping on the couch , their laptop is on their chest and turned on . Upon awakening they look confused and set the laptop on the coffee table . The person then stands and heads out of the living room .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom . The person opens the closet door and puts the broom inside , then closes the door , letting their hand linger on the doorknob for a while . The person runs to the side table and picks up a camera to take a picture of the room .
 A person is sitting on a chair at a desk , interacting with a laptop , meanwhile they eat a sandwich from a plate in their lap . After a moment the person transfers the plate to the desk and checks themselves in a nearby mirror .
 A person is cooking at the stove then they walk around as they sweep with a broom .
 The person tidies up their clothes off the floor . They get dressed , sit in the chair , and put on their shoes .
 A person walks into the room holding a phone and sits down in a chair . They watch the television and then look at the phone and then back at the television .
 One person is sitting on a bed folding a shirt while another person is standing while changing the channels on a television with a remote control .
 Walking down the hallway a person holding their homework in their left hand . They stop and begin putting the homework into a box .
 Person lying in bed looking at phone and typing something , and then sneezes into elbow and puts the phone on the table .
 A person in a home office is eating a sandwich while sitting in a chair and watching a video on their laptop .
 The person walked by the mirror in the hallway . The person stopped and looked in the mirror . The person sneezed and laughed . The person then washed the mirror off . The phone rang and the person pulled the phone out and answered the phone .
 A person is sitting on a sofa and eating some food from a bowl . They sneeze and stand up before going to pick up a broom .
 The person drinks their coffee while standing . They then take their cup and set it on a table .
 The person is sitting and looking through some paper . The person then types something on a keyboard . They do this two times , put the paper on the ground , then eat something
 A person is holding their phone and taking a picture of their office while laughing .
 A person walks to the cabinets to put something away and the person then sneezes and walks away
 A person flexes in front of a mirror before putting a backpack on .
 A person looks into the mirror and moves hair while giving their self a slight grin . The person then picks up a bottle , reads what is written , sets the bottle down , and then opens the door and walks out of the room .
 A person is fixing their makeup while standing in front of a sink and then polishing the glass in a bathroom .
 The person grabs a box walks back and forth looking for a place to sit the box and then reaches up on the top shef and puts it up there .
 A person awakens on a living room sofa , then gets up and watches themselves in the mirror before leaving the room .
 A person turns on the light and stands in front of a mirror . The person smiles at themselves in the mirror and fixes their hair , then grabs a book off the shelf and leaves .
 A person reads a book , then throws it on the table . Next , they pour a glass of milk and drink it .
 A person is sitting on a couch reading a book . Another person standing next to them picks up a glass from the table .
 A person is getting up from a chair then grabbing a towel and sitting back down . Person B is sitting at a table and pours water into a cup .
 A person walks through a door with a vaccuum which the person uses on a bed as the person sweeps the floor at the same time .
 A person in their bedroom is watching a video on their phone . They begin eating some food they found in a box . They look up at the light and start sneezing .
 A person eating a sandwich while standing and working at a laptop . The person then leaves the room .
 The person is eating some food and watching something on a laptop . They appear to be relaxed and enjoying themselves . The person takes a sip of a soda in a can and eats some more .
 A person is in their basement sitting on a chair eating a sandwich and working on their homework .
 Two people are standing in a kitchen . One person is eating a sandwich . Person 1 puts the sandwich down , and tidies a counter . person two is standing behind person one looking exasperated .
 A person is sitting on a chair playing on their phone . They stand , fold a towel and eat something .
 A person sits down in a chair to watch television . The person takes a bag of food from the window and eats it while watching television .
 A person is turning on a light . The person then is sitting in a chair looking at a computer while sneezing and drinking water . The person gets up and leaves the desk .
 A person in their recreation room turns on the light after awakening o the sofa under a blanket sneezes .
 Person standing in the hallway taking a glass of water and pouring water onto a pillow that is laying on the floor while holding a dish .
 A person holding a closet door sneezes , then walks over to a computer and stares at it for a while .
 A person eats some food from a bowl while looking at something on their laptop .
 A person in a closet throws a bag of groceries carelessly on the floor and then , grasping the doorway , sneezes violently .
 A person is working by the bed , putting polish on the floor . Taking the rug and moving it behind her , the person grasps for an object under the bed .
 A person walks in to a room to closet .The person takes off two sweaters and throws them on the floor and walks away .
 A MAN IS TIDYING YP THE STAIRS BY PUTTING ALL OFTHE THINGS ON IT IN A BAG WHILE ANOTHER PERSON IS SITTING ON THE TOP STAIRS WATCHING
 Person standing reading paper then looks at stove and back at paper multiple times , folds arm and watch stove .
 The person opens the closet take the cereal down from the shelf , shakes the box , sneezes twice and then opens the box .
 A person is dressing themselves in front of a sink , they then drink a cup of coffee and grab a towel from the door .
 One person opens a door and the other person is standing outside the door . The person is standing there holding their shoes .
 A person is sitting in the pantry , doing homework . The person kicks off their shoes and lies down on the floor , resuming their homework .
 A person is in their living room watching a video on their laptop . They begin drinking some water while taking a pillow and placing it on the floor .
 A person throws cloths on the ground . And then they pick some up and start to fold them .
 A person is putting some clothes from a table into a box , another person is tidying up some clothes by putting them on a shelf , they grab a book .
 A person walks into a dining room holding food . The person looks at their reflection in the mirror in the dining room and then takes their food to the table and sits down . The person begins idly playing with the food .
 A person stands on a chair in the basement , changing a light bulb . The person gets down from the chair and sits in it once the job is completed .
 A person grabbed shoes from the floor . The person then folded a blanket . Another person , wearing a snuggie , then attempted to distract the first person . The first person ignored this tomfoolery .
 A person walks into the room , grasping their laptop . They put their laptop on the bed , look out the window , smile , and leave the room .
 A person pretends to start sneezing while sitting on some stairs . The person then grabs a tissue from a box of Kleenex , and wipes it on their wardrobe that they 're wearing .
 A person is sitting in a chair drinking a glass of water . Then another person walks in and touches them on the shoulder and they both laugh .
 A person is standing while holding groceries and another person is talking .
 The person runs into the closet while holding a pillow . The person then throws the pillow onto a shelf .
 A person lying in a bed awakens and grasps for a light on a nightstand . The person then sits up and puts on their shoes .
 A person holding some homework walks into the entryway to a laptop on a table and starts working .
 A person is holding a book as they lean on the stove . Another person is sitting a plate on a shelf .
 A person is washing a window while another person walks into the roomtowards the first person holding a plate of food
 A person opens a bag and takes some towels and clothes out . They pick up a piece of clothing and put it on .
 A person folds a towel into different shapes and tosses it into the air , and wraps it around their arm or leg . A second person sits on a chair .
 A person is sneezing into a sink , then watching their self make faces on a mirror while talking on a phone in a bathrooom .
 While one person watches , another person puts a picture on the wall in the stairway , using a small chair with a big book on top to reach .
 A person in a laundry room , first picks up a pillow from a shelf , then picks up a glass of juice on top of the dryer to drink .
 A person lying in a bed sits up and starts taking off their shoes and clothes and throwing them on the floor .
 Two people walk up the stairs . One person throws pillows and books around on a bed in a bedroom . Another person walks to a sink and turns on a water faucet .
 A man runs into the room . He is holding a laptop and checking a phone . He is wearing a striped shirt .
 A person is standing in the kitchen tidying up with a broom , while watching the stove to keep track of when it 's done preheating .
 A person is washing dishes in the sink . They finish up and turn off the water then open the oven door .
 The person picks up some blankets , places on his lap and starts eating food . The person laughs a few times .
 A person opens a door and stand in the doorway eating food from a dish , they then close the door and go to a window and look out .
 A person goes and closes a door and then picks up a phone off the counter . The same person also starts drinking coffee out of a mug .
 A person drops a blanket on the floor and then picks up a picture off the wall and then walks down the stairs while holding it .
 Person is working on a laptop and looks longingly at the bed . Person then shakes head and goes to pantry . After looking around , person smiles hugely and takes coffee .
 A person is sneezing while looking in the mirror . A person takes a bite of a sandwich , then takes off an article of clothing .
 A person finishes drinking a beverage and leaves the empty container on the stairs they 're sitting on . They twirl a blanket around in the air and laugh , and then grab a nearby broom and leave .
 A person flips a light switch , opens a door to a closet and rifles through shirts , walks out of the closet closing the door and then picks up a bottle of water and drinks from it .
 A person is washing something in laundry room and cleans sink . Another person walks in with a box and then walks out
 A person folds a sheet and puts it into a box . The person then takes some food out of a bag and eats it . The person then takes the box and stores it away in a closet .
 A person walks over to a chair and opens up a backpack . The person pulls a book out of the back and begins looking at it and laughing at the book .
 A person takes their laptop from on top of the television , and cleans the glass screen with a paper towel . The person then pours themselves a drink .
 A person stands in a doorway and puts a pillow in a pillowcase . Another person stands next to them idly .
 The person opened the closet door . While standing in front of the closet , the person ate some food and began opening a bottle of medicine .
 A MAN IS OPENING A BACKPACK THAT IS HANGING FROM A DOOR KNOB FROM THE BATHROO DOOR WHILE A WOMAN WALKS AROUND HOLDING A BLANKET/PILLOW
 One person tidies up a mirror with a towel , smiles at their reflection , then leaves the room .
 A person closes a drawer , takes something off a counter and puts it into a cabinet . The person then puts something on a shelf , picks up a cup of something and drinks it , placing the cup on the counter when finished .
 A person picks up a bag and some boots . The person puts the boots inside the bag and ties the bag up . The person leaves it on the floor .
 A person in the bathroom is taking a picture with their camera . In the other hand , they are grasping a bag with nothing in it , and after they are done , they are washing their hands in the sink .
 A person is opening a bottle of medicine but spills some liquid on the counter . The person is then grasping a towel and wiping it up .
 A person runs down the hallway , carrying a bag . The person leaves the bag on the shelf , and returns from where they came .
 A person in the bathroom is eating some food that is on some dishes . They start pouring some water onto a book that is lying on a desk .
 The person walks up the stairs and stops in the middle of the hallway and starts hugging a pillow . The person rocks back and forth hugging the pillow and then throws it down on a chair and walks away .
 Person flipping a item in a pan on top of the stove checking the heat then turns it down .
 A person sits on a toilet in a bathroom looking at his phone , then stands up , takes a towel off the shower rod and walks out of the room .
 A person standing in a room holding a picture flips it over and looks at the back.The person bends over and picks up a bag off the floor and continue to look at the picture .
 The person walks down the hallway with shoes in hand into a room then exits the room with the shoes and a bowl and walks back down the hallway .
 One man sits at a table while another man walks past him , holding a cell phone , and begins to walk up the nearby flight of stairs .
 A person takes some food from the fridge , throws it somewhere , takes a bottle and sets it on top of the fridge , then takes more food and sets it down somewhere .
 A person is playing on their phone . Then , holding their camera , the person walks over to sit on the edge of their bed .
 The person walked to the middle of the room and sneezed . The person then picked up a bag and closed some cabinets .
 A person is sitting on a chair at a desk playing with a phone . They stand up , put the phone down and pick up a broom and start sweeping .
 A person is standing in their basement holding a sandwich . They open the window and start tidying up .
 A person walks in , picks up a laptop from the bedside table , then removes 3 articles of clothing from the closet and sets them where the laptop was .
 A person enters a room through a doorway and closes the door . Then they brush themselves off and flip a light switch . They walk to a bed and pat a shirt that 's lying on top of the bed . They scratch themselves and then pat the shirt some more .
 Person is standing in the living room vacuuming , they stop and walk over to turn off the television . After turning off the television they start drinking a cup of coffee .
 The person is holding a vacuum while hooking the cord to it and then puts it down and drags it backwards and opens a closet door and puts it away and whips their hands and then walks over to the couch and grabs a cup and then sneezes twice and then sits down and takes a drink .
 A person is laying in bed , rubs their face and stretches , before sitting up and looking at their phone .
 A person in their home office is working by their desk . They start eating some food while looking up at the light , but they do not sneeze .
 A person is running into the kitchen to check on the stove . They have left a pot of food cooking on the stove and they put down the book they were carrying on the counter next to them .
 Person is washing the doorknob with a towel and sitting the medicine on the counter .
 A person sitting on a bed stares at a laptop . the person closes the laptop and sets it on the floor . The person is just sitting there on the bed .
 A person opens the refridgerator , and just stands there for a moment . The person , smiling , grasps a dish filled with food and takes it .
 A person puts a book on a shelf . The book falls off and the person puts the book back on the shelf . The person picks up a laptop and watches something on the screen .
 A person sitting on the stairs using a laptop with a blanket around the person shoulder keeping the person warm .
 A person sits at a desk holding a coffee cup . The person reads from a piece of paper , then grabs a phone and starts playing with it .
 A person walks into a room and lies down on the sofa with a pillow they reach up on a shelf then they sit up and eat a sandwich and walk out of the room .
 A person is sitting at a table while playing on a laptop . The person takes a bite of a sandwich before sneezing twice .
 A person is holding clothes and sleeping while standing they then wake up and take a pan from the oven and put it in the stove .
 A person is on their laptop . The person is viewing the laptop . The person then gets up , goes to the sink , and begins washing a glass .
 A person picks up a bag and places it on a doorknob . The person then sits down and begins playing on a phone watching a video .
 A person sits at a table and eats from a bowl while reading a book . They pour a glass of water and drink .
 A person awakening from a nap on a sofa while holding a pillow walks over to the remote control . Grasping the remote control the person turns on the television and starts watching a television program .
 A person is holding a blanket and a pillow and proceeds to lay down with them on the couch .
 A person is standing next to a sliding door , with a dog on the other side , outdoors . The person smiles at the camera while drinking from a glass , and finally upends the cup .
 A person picks up a towel and cleans the front of the fridge . They then open the stove and look inside of it with a flashlight .
 A person is lying on the couch , eating a sandwich . Another person is sitting at a desk in front of a computer , throwing pictures on the floor .
 A man is holding a camera standing near a door . He wipes his face in a mirror and picks up a blanket from a box before walking out of the room .
 A person walks through a doorway and sits on a chair . The person picks up a bottle and pours a drink into a glass . Another person folds a blanket .
 A person takes a glass from a chair in the entryway to their home . The person walks out of the house through the doorway .
 A person in their laundry room begins undressing by removing their jacket . They start sneezing into a pillow , and then begin drinking a glass of coffee .
 A person looks into a bag on the floor , and pulls out a towel and starts cleaning . The person then takes a bowl with water and sprinkle some water on the table .
 A person is opening a cabinet and then drinking out of a glass in the pantry .
 A person is watching television and then working on a laptop in a bedroom .
 A person is working in the kitchen , washing dishes at the sink while looking out the window .
 A person is opening a box by a window and then turns it upside down to pour out all the contents .
 Person A is sleeping on a bed with a blanket and Person B is watching a video on a laptop , Person B decides to wake up Person A .
 Person is playing on the phone near a window and smiling while he plays .
 A person awakens in bed and grasps a cup of coffee on the nightstand . The person opens a box and looks inside .
 A person is holding food in the air . A person looks grossed out and like food should n't be in the bathroom . Then a person is leaving walking by a sink .
 Person is drinking from a mug while holding a laptop . The person then proceeds to open the closet door to put away some goods , including a laptop and a piece of clothing .
 A person is standing by the light switch in the bathroom . That person is holding a book , reading the back cover of it .
 A person laying on the floor of a laundry room cuddles with some clothes . The person picks up a phone and sets it back down . The person picks up a mirror and looks at themselves .
 A person is standing in the kitchen in front of the refrigerator . They open the fridge and take out multiple food items and set them on the counter .
 PERSON IN THE HALLWAY BY THE CLOSET DOOR IN FRONT OF A GREEN CHAIR THEN PERSON LEAVE THE ROOM .
 A person grabs the doorknob and starts opening the closet door . There is a container of medicine in the closet . The person starts pouring the medicine out of the container to inspect it .
 A person grabs a book from a desk and holds it as they look around . They set it on the desk before walking out the door .
 The person is sitting on a couch and the person reaches into a bag/purse and gets a cell phone out and starts to mess with it while smiling and rocking back and forth with it in hand .
 A person opens a door , places an object in a closet , then sits on a stool and drinks from a glass .
 A person throws a box onto a table at the top of the stairs . The person takes something from the table , opens a nearby door , and walks through .
 A person stands near a door with their hand on a light while they hold a book in their other hand and read it . They close the book .
 The person is eating a sandwich and walking through the room stopping to throw items in a box .
 The person walks intot he room , sneezes 4 times and walks back to the closet and begins looking for something .
 A person is writing something at the counter , then eating snack . They put stuff away in the basket .
 A person is smiling and washing a mirror , then taking medicine and then standing in the doorway of a bathroom .
 A person is sitting on the staircase holding a pillow and cuddling it . The person throws the pillow down the staircase and throws other clothing down as well .
 A person puts down a blanket by the tub . The person takes a container out of the bathroom cabinet and pours liquid into a small plastic cup . The person drinks the liquid and throws away the cup .
 A person holds a bag open and looks through the groceries , then closes it and stands around aimlessly next to a door .
 A person walks into the room and sits on the sofa . The person picks up a book and throws it on the floor . Then the person picks up some food and begins to eat it .
 A person is looking out the window and smiling . The person is holding a camera and takes a picture of the outside . The person picks up a glass of water from the desk and takes a drink .
 A person stands in the bathroom holding a glass , sets it down and gets a bag from inside the bathroom cabinet .
 A person stands in the doorway of the pantry while snuggling a pair of shoes . They then walk from the doorway while smiling to pick up a bag of groceries .
 A person is standing in a kitchen cooking something in a pot . They turn around and lean against a counter .
 A person is sitting on the bed with a blanket on their lap , holding a book and reading it . The person laughs at their book and puts it down , then takes off their shoes and leaves .
 A person is sitting by the stairs eating some food . They begin dressing by putting a jacket on , and then they look up and turn on the light .
 A person sets a cup down on the table , and pours coffee into it from a thermos . The person takes out their phone and begins playing with it , as they put some random items into a box .
 A person is standing in the entryway and holding blanket . They play with their phone .
 A person talked on his phone in the laundry room . The person interacted with the dryer during this process .
 Person sitting with a laptop on his lap and then decides to shut it .
 The woman in the video was searching for something that was on the floor . After several seconds of searching , she left and walked into another room
 A couple of people in a room .A person holding a broom spinning it in their hands.Another person sitting and lacing op a pair of shoes .
 Person walk into the bathroom pick a camera off the shelf and then began to take a picture while standing in front of a mirroe .
 A person is tidying the room with a vacuum . They reach for the doorknob , and begin sneezing . When they pull their hand back they stop . They reach for it again and start sneezing . So they lie down on the floor and stare at the light .
 A person is putting medicine next to a light . Then a person is walking over to a book and picks it up .
 The person is drinking from a small cup while holding onto some wrought iron and looking out a window . Another person walks up to the first person as the first person continues to drink .
 A person is standing in the doorway while another person stands on a chair and is fixing a light bulb .
 A standing , smiling person takes a towel and wipes their hands while another person sits and looks at a camera .
 This person is standing in front of a locked door and seems to not be able to get it open . This person then walks to the kitchen , gets a glass , gets coke out of fridge and then pours coke into glass .
 A person wiping their face with a towel.The person jogs in place for a few seconds.The person proceeds to pick up a book and open it and start smiling .
 A person is sitting at a desk looking at a laptop screen , then stands and grabs a container full of snacks to dispense some into their other hand . The person then stands around idly for several moments before inspecting the snacks in their hand .
 A person is playing with a mirror by the the stairs . They are undressing by taking their jacket off , and then place their jacket in a box that is nearby .
 There 's a person that walks into a small office ( maybe bedroom , picks up a phone & places it down on desk , picks up a towel or something and starts wiping off the TV / monitor .
 A person walks into a room hoding a book standing in front of a mirror they look around the room and try hard to see something in the room
 A person walks into the pantry and throws a bag onto the shelf . The person leaves , closing the door behind them .
 A person in the kitchen is dressing by putting some clothes on . They begin playing with a towel by grasping it and twirling it in circles .
 The person shuts the door . The person then goes to the mirror on the wall and adjusts it . The person then sits down and scrolls through their phone .
 A person sits at a table working on a laptop . They take a medicine bottle from the table , open it and take the medicine , then pick up a glass of water and drink it .
 Person walks in the room to sit on the couch and have a bite to eat before organizing the table .
 A person walks with a bag of groceries down a hallway . The person notices the floor is dirty . The person decides to tidy up . The person sets the groceries down , picks up a broom and begins to sweep .
 A person is tidying something on the stairs , then he picks up a book and blanket and places them inside a bag .
 Person comes in the room with an open book , sits down on the couch , and the grabs a towel and folds it .
 A person walks into the bathroom , turns on water and washes hands , picks up a cup on the counter , drops it in the sink , picks it up and puts it on the window sill of the bathroom window .
 A person pours a drink from one cup to another and drinks it . The person then stands up and washes a window with a towel .
 A person is standing next to a desk and arranging a pile of homework . They take a pencil and fix a mistake they spot in their work . They leave the room and turn off a light .
 A person is standing in their pantry holding a laptop . The person opens their laptop and places it on a table .
 A person messes with the door handle on a door . The person lifts their leg up , and then sits down continuing to look at the knob .
 A person stands by a window drinking a cup of coffee . They put the cup on a shelf , pick up a bottle of medicine , take some , then put the medicine back on the shelf .
 A person takes a towel off a bed and puts it on the floor . They start watching television when another person walks in and turns off the light .
 A person takes some medicine with a drink of water . The person opens up a laptop computer , and takes another drink of water . The person then takes some more medicine with another drink of water .
 A person is sitting on the bed brushing his hair with his hands . He pours a glass of soda and then takes a drink and sets the glass back down . He rearranges some dishes on the table and then grabs them , gets up , and takes them to the sink .
 The person turns on a light , walks in the bathroom , and sneezes a few times . They fumble with something in the bathroom , pick something up , and leave .
 A person sitting on the floor drinks from a mug , which is then placed in a cabinet , opens a refrigerator door and does some work on the bottom of the door . The refrigerator door is then closed , the person then closes the cabinet door where the mug is , stands up and walks away .
 A person runs into the closet holding an open book in their hand . The person closes the book and puts it on the shelf next to a picture . The person picks up a sandwich from the shelf and begins to eat it .
 A young person wearing a pink shirt stands near a food pantry and eats several items off of a plate . The individual then walks towards a kitchen table and sets the plate down .
 A standing person holds up a picture , then a book , then both together and reads the back of them .
 Person closes a medicine cabinet while holding a camera and laughing . Person then leaves the room , pulling the door closed behind them .
 While sitting on the stairs , person talked on the phone while others were in the living room watching television . The house was full of laughter .
 One person is sitting on the sink talking to someone else that is standing .
 A person is smiling and playing with a chair while the other person holds a camera .
 A person is sitting at a small desk in the corner of a room using a laptop computer with a mouse . The person turns their head , smiles , and then continues working on the laptop .
 The person has lots of homework . Person brought a running coffee maker in the bedroom and open the first book to start .
 A person walks in to hall way takes their coat off and puts it back on and pulls the hood up.The person wipes a mirror off in a hall way .
 A person is sitting on a couch in a living room area and begins to put on a pair of boots while sitting on the couch .
 A person standing in a walk in closet opens the closet , briefly bends their knees , and then begins to jog away .
 A person is taking pictures with a camera then puts it down and takes off their jacket . Then they take something and put it on a shelf .
 A person is standing in the room looking around . The person reaches over and grabs a plate with a sandwich on it off of the bookshelf . The person then takes a bite of the sandwich . The person then walks out of the room .
 A person dressing by putting a jacket on . Then the person undresses by taking the jacket back off . Next the person sits on a chair then drinks from a glass .
 A person is walking into a room while another person sits on a bench the first person comes over to the person sitting on the bench and takes something from the bench
 A person is walking down a hallway and tidying up by putting some clothes in a bag , they then begin to brush themselves down .
 A person is laying down , they get up and get dressed . They walk out of the room and turn on the TV . They sit down on the couch .
 A person is sitting in the hallway with a pillow in their lap . The person puts the pillow on the floor and lays down on it . Another person stands in the doorway holding a broom and drinking a cup of coffee .
 A person picks up some clothes , folds them and puts them on a table . They pick up a book from a shelf and place it on the desk , then take the clothes and start walking away .
 A person stands in the bedroom , watching themselves in the mirror . The person turns off the light and goes to bed .
 A person is standing the kitchen they take off their shoes they go over to a cabinet and take out a phone they walk over the the couch and sit down and take a picture with their phone .
 Two persons are watching a light in the pantry . Both persons have a broom . They are drinking .
 The person was in the doorway looking at their bed thinking of maybe eating before the person goes to sleep . The person was tired from working .
 A person is holding a broom and walks into a kitchen . They lean the broom against a wall and open a cabinet . They take out a pan from the cabinet and open a drawer to grab a something .
 Two people are in a room . person one lays down on the floor and covers themself in a blanket . Person two walks to a table , picks up some items , and opens a door .
 A person is standing in a doorway and looking at a book that they took from a shelf , they then look at themselves in a mirror .
 A person is cooking at a stove . Then they open the fridge , laugh at what 's inside , then close the door .
 A person puts a book down onto the table . The person then grasps a towel from the same table and runs out of the basement .
 A person holding a camera looks in a window at another person standing in front of their pantry , holding on to the door . The person at the pantry takes out a can and when closing the door , notices the person at the window .
 Two people are in a room with a bed with a zebra quilt on it . One person is sitting on the bed drinking something out of a glass . The person on the bed takes three sips from the glass and looks at the other person in the room . The other person is on his knees and is using a cloth to wipe or wash the door to the room .
 Person walking into kitchen through doorway looking at self in a hand mirror , and then begins to start stroking the blanket on shoulder .
 A person holding a homework book sits on a small bench in the hall . They close the book after a few moments and put it into the backpack on the floor . They shoulder the backpack and walk out , flipping off the hall light as they pass .
 A person is lying under the doorway doing homework and then playing with a toy in the hallway .
 A person is holding a phone and cuddling with a pillow . The person sways back and worth while watching the game on their phone , and begins to laugh .
 The person in the video is first seen vacuming an area in a back and forth motion . After a couple passes the person then puts the vacuum against the wall and picks up a white rag which he places on a nearby doorknob .
 A person is sitting on the floor with a pillow on his lap and laptop on the floor . He takes the pillow off his lap and throws it across the room . He picks up the laptop after closing it and sets it on the desk after getting up from the floor . Then he turns on the TV
 A person is seen with a blanket . The person watches the blanket drop from their hands and as they bend down to pick it up , they sneeze .
 A person is tidying up the things on the table . Then , smiling , the person sips from their mug of coffee .
 A person is walking down the stairs holding a book . The person stops , sits down on the stairs , and starts working on homework in the book . The person falls asleep while doing the homework and then suddenly awakens and goes back to working .
 A person stands in a bathroom and removed their robe . They then walk out and stand in front of a door before sneezing many times .
 A person walks into a kitchen through a doorway and opens the refrigerator . They take out a beverage and pour it into a glass .
 A person walks into the room and turns on a light . Another person uncovers a blanket , gets out of bed and walks over to a door .
 A person stands in the kitchen in front of the stove fixing dinner , they roll up your sleeves while cooking and then bend over and tie their shoe .
 a person walkins into a bedroom and sits down on the bed . a woman takes a photo of the bedroom and puts the camera on the drawer , sits on the bed and hugs the man
 A person walks up some stairs and goes into a bedroom and looks into a mirror . The person then eats some food that is on the bed . The person then turns off the light and walks out of the room .
 A person closes the garage window and smiles . The person takes a camera from the shelf and snaps a picture .
 A person is drinking a cup of coffee looking at a picture on the wall .
 A person throws clothes from the floor into a washing machine , then stands and picks up a book and opens it before walking out of the room while looking through the book .
 A person is vacuuming their living room floor . They sneeze , and lift a chair to vacuum under the chair . They find a ball and throw it to their dog .
 The person is sitting in a chair in the hallway , then takes a phone from a small cabinet next to the chair .
 A person is carrying a bag of groceries down a set of stairs . The person looks in the mirror at their reflection before walking out the door and closing it behind them .
 A person finds a prescription medicine container on a rack of clothes . After finding the bottle , the person walks to the bathroom and upends it over the sink .
 This person walks into a room which appears to be hold a towel and coffee mug . This person then places towel down , drinks from cup , places cup and dresser and then walks out of room .
 Person sitting on a chair opening a box takes a dish out of it began to sneezes with dish in hand .
 A person is sitting on a chair at their desk . They are eating a snack before getting up and taking off a shoe .
 A person is eating in front of a refrigerator , then pouring water in a glass and then wiping down a counter in a kitchen .
 A person in the bedroom is working on something on their laptop . They are watching a picture that is sitting nearby as well .
 A person was sitting on the stairs playing with the light settings on a laptop screen . When the screen got to the highest setting , the person closed the laptop and put it in a bag .
 A person standing in front of a mirror , holding a cup.The person takes a drink and places the cup on the sink and leans forward and looks in to the mirror .
 Person turns the doorknob , opens the door to the pantry and turns the light on . Person fixes the shelf in the pantry , smiles , and closes the pantry .
 A person is picking up a plate of food on a table . A person is tidying a table . A person begins to clean a table .
 The person is standing in a hallway . They drink from a cup and take a bite from a sandwich . The person leaves the cup on a table .
 A person is standing in the hallway holding a towel and a cup of coffee . The person puts the towel onto a pile of clothes and fixes a crooked picture on the wall .
 A person is awakening and throws back a blanket . Then the person looks at a window , grasps a pillow and pulls it over their head
 A person sits on a sofa watching television . They laugh , take off their shoes , leaving the shoes on the floor , and put their feet up on the table .
 A person playing on a phone stands in the room , then walks away . Meanwhile , another person opens a bag , digs through it , closes it and begins to pick it up off the counter .
 A person wearing blue jeans and a red checkered shirt stands in a kitchen with wooden cupboards . The individual takes a drink from a coffee cup and then uses their laptop .
 A person is sitting in a chair playing video games . The person grabs a glass of water off the shelf and takes a drink , then grabs a pillow off the floor and puts it behind their back .
 A person is sitting in a chair writing in a book and then they take a glass of something and take a drink
 While lying on the sofa with an old battered pillow , the person picked up the remote and smiled as he turned on the person 's favorite sitcom . The show , no matter how many times the person had seen it always made the person laugh as the person let out a hearty chuckle to one of running jokes on the show .
 A person is standing in the hallway in front of a picture , and beside a vacuum cleaner talking on a cell phone .
 A person is eating by the stairs . They start laughing because they are watching something on their laptop and then decide to pull out a camera and take a picture of themselves .
 A person is watching a bird out the window . The person was eating some food while making a list of groceries to buy .
 A PERSON IS ATTEMPTING TO DE HOOK A PICTURE FROM A PICTURE FRAME AND IS TAKING OUT THE BACK OF A PICTURE FRAME .
 A person is in their home office running around looking for a box . When they find the box , they are smiling and inside the box they find a towel .
 A person is tying up a bag . They then interact with something on the floor before leaving .
 A person holding a towel places it on a hook . The person takes off a sweater and puts it down . The person turns towards the sink , picks up a bottle of medicine , opens it and takes out a pill , then picks up a glass of water used to take the pill
 A person standing in a room holding a backpack and a towel .The person throws the towel in to a back pack.The person throws the back pack in to a chair.The person sits down in a chair and takes a drink of water .
 A man closes a closet door then takes off his coat and hangs it up , while talking on the phone .
 A person opens the door and walks in holding a book and some homework , closing the door behind them . They put the book and homework on a desk and walk away .
 A person in drinking coffee , and then opening a door in a recreation room / man cave .
 Person sweeps part of the floor , then vacuums something up and picks broom back up and continues sweeping
 A person takes a broom out of a closet and sweeps the floor.The other person walks in to the room and starts taking pictures of the person sweeping .
 A person is holding clothes in front of a closet door . The person places the clothes to the side and begins tidying up the closet so that the clothes can be put away .
 A person standing on a steps holding a blanket and a plastic container.The person places the blanket on to other arm and moves the plastic container to other hand .
 A person is standing on the stairs drinking a cup of coffee while holding a bag and a book
 A person is trying to get some rest and then leans up to sneeze on a plate of food .
 A person snuggling a blanket walks in holding and reading a book that is put on a table . The person picks up a dish of food and eats , then picks up a glass and drinks .
 A person walks in to a room carrying a book.The person goes to a desk and starts moving stuff around on the desk.The person wipes stuff off the desk .
 A person is sitting on stairs working on a laptop computer . The person picks up a glass of water , takes a drink , and then sets the glass back down .
 The person is sitting in front of a sink possible in the bathroom . Person seems to be washing an object then stands up to take a drink .
 One person is watching food cook on the stove , another person is watching them while they wash the dishes .
 Someone is sitting in a chair . They place a pillow and a backpack on their lap . Then they eat a snack that was inside the backpack .
 A person is holding a bag and putting shoes inside , they then begin to pick up a heavy box and smile .
 A person working on their laptop on their bed gets up and goes to a desk . They sit down in a chair and star working homework .
 A MAN IS SITTING ON THE STAIRS WHILE PUTTING ON A SWEATER WHILE ANOTHER WOMAN IS SITTING ON THE STAIRS EATING SOMETHING
 A person holding a sandwich walks down the hallway . That person then sits down and looks at some dishes .
 A person takes off their hoodie while standing in front of a closet , and then takes a pillow from the closet and snuggles the pillow .
 The person stands on a chair in the pantry and then puts a box on the ground .
 A man sitting in a chair looking at something in his hand . Then he takes a bag with food and pours it in his hand and starts eating it .
 A person in a bathroom is holding a glass . The person drinks the last of the coffee in a glass , then washes a glass in the sink . And begins tidying up the bathroom .
 Person walks down a hallway and looks at a mirror . Peron then runs back down the hallway and takes off their shoes and continues to run .
 A person is standing next to a table holding a sandwich in their hand . They sit the sandwich on the table and pick up a book .
 A person takes a picture of themself with a camera . They then walk through a doorway , shutting the door behind them .
 A person is standing in front of a window in a bedroom . The person begins fixing the window . In the middle of fixing the window , the person sneezes .
 A person turns on the camera and opens the door . The person then opens some medicine and paces it on the table . The person then readjusts the table and turns off the camera .
 A person opens the door and walks into their entryway holding a towel and a sandwich . They sneeze then leave the room .
 Person laying on sofa/couch , tossing and turning , eating , and then getting up to get a red box from on top of the refrigerator .
 A person stands in the room and turns on a light . Then the person starts running around a chair in circles .
 A person walks into the entryway , grasping a pile of clothes and a pillow . The person opens the door and leaves the home .
 A person is putting some clothes away . The person starts smiling when they look in a mirror .
 A young person walking into a room sitting on a couch talking to someone getting up again and touching something on an end table .
 The person is walking up the stairs , tidying the area by picking up books and clothes lying on the stairs .
 A person descends some stairs while holding a cup of coffee . They then put the cup on a desk and leave the room .
 A person is standing , looking at their phone . Another person walks past , holding a sandwich on a plate .
 A person runs into the pantry and puts groceries onto the shelf . The person fixes the cans of food so they 're straight , then leaves the room .
 One person walks into the kitchen smiling holding dishes while the other is pouring medicine into a jar .
 Person holding a laptop and looking at the screen standing by the wall in a laundry room eating a sandwich .
 A person is standing and talking on a phone , they then begin sneezing and pick up some shoes from the floor .
 There is a person that walks over to a closet and gets a coat and puts it on . The person closes the closet door .
 A person grabs a broom that is in the bathroom and starts sweeping , when the person is finished they look at themselves in the mirror and then walks out of the bathroom .
 A person is sitting on the couch in the living room holding a blanket in their lap . The grabs a camera from the nearby desk and lays down .
 The person walked into the room and sat in the chair . The person then watched what was on the computer screens .
 A person is adding containers of food one by one from a kitchen counter to a pantry .
 The person enters the kitchen and walks to the refrigerator . The person opens the door and gasps and the red juice spilled all over the bottom shelf . The person grabs some paper towels from the table and wipes up the mess in the refrigerator . The person leaves the kitchen after throwing the paper towels in the garbage .
 A person sat at a desk and picked up a cell phone . The person pressed the screen several times and slid a finger along the screen to look for something on the phone .
 A person is standing in front of a closed window eating some food , the person then picks up a small stainless steel cup and drinks from it .
 A person runs down the stairs , holding a camera . The person takes a picture of a pile of clothes .
 A person is vacuuming a floor . They then put the vacuum down , lay a rug on the floor , and start using a broom to clean corners .
 The person walks in his house entrance and grabs a pillow off the sofa in the living room . The person continues into his bedroom , throws the pillow on the bed and rearranges a couple other pillows before walking back out the room .
 Two people are standing in a room look and smiling at each other . One of them is in a doorway smiling as they take off their jacket . The other is standing in the room looking at them and then they later sit on a chair .
 A person sits a a table near a window and attempts to reassemble or fix a small hand held vacuum cleaner . When finished they set it to the side and mop the bottom of their chin with a towel .
 A person carrying a pillow throws it in to a chair and sits on it.The person reaches over and grabs a glass and takes a drink of a liquid .The person places the glass back on table .
 A person stands in an open pantry , looking around . After a moment , they push aside a stored broom and grab a bag of coffee . They pull a filter off the shelf and hold it as they open the coffee and pour a small amount in .
 One person , with a towel tucked at the waist , walks into the room and starts cooking at the stove . Then , this person runs out of the room with their homework .
 Person walks into a room and go to the closet get a towel and a blanket off the shelf walks out of the closet
 A person in the recreation room is walking around holding a box that they picked up from the desk . Their walking turns into running as they look into a mirror and see their reflection .
 A person is standing by a mirror and vacuuming the door opening .
 There are two people . One , is standing in the doorway watching another person walk down stairs . The person walking downstairs proceeds to move towards the table in the living room to work on their laptop .
 A person walks into a room tidys up a shelf , then they pick up a pair of shoes look at them and put them back down , then they pull their phone out of their pocket and look at it then they put it back in their pocket and leave the room .
 A person is seen grasping a sandwich eating it . The person begins opening a box and pulls out some clothes .
 A person is eating a sandwich while holding a blanket in the hallway .
 A person is standing in a bedroom holding a towel . The person picks up a coffee from the nightstand and takes a drink . The person is also watching television .
 Two people are standing in a room . One person is tossing a pillow in the air and wearing a blanket on their shoulder . The other person is eating some food and looking at himself in a mirror .
 The person walks to the desk holding a bag . The person places several contents from the bag onto the desk , lastly placing the bag on the desk .
 A person in a green shirt is sitting on a chair and fidgeting around before they start up and pace around the room .
 A person sitting in kitchen , sets down their coffee and looks at there phone and leaves . A second person walks in wrapped in a blanket cape , looks around then drinks the coffee left on the table .
 A person is sitting on a box in the entryway , look at their phone . The person puts their phone away .
 There is a person sitting in a chair with a laptop . That same person stands up , shuts the laptop and places in on the chair . That same person then picks up a shirt off the back of the chair .
 A person enters a house holding bags in one hand and a phone in the other they wipe their feet and stand there talking on their phone .
 Two people are in a kitchen . One person is holding a tray and a cup of water . The person holding the tray drinks from the cup . The other person sneezes a bunch of times . The person holding the cup and tray sets it down and leaves the room with the sneezer .
 In the basement , a person is playing on their laptop while drinking some medicine from a rather large cup .
 A person is washing their hands at the sink . That same person then dumps coffee out of a mug into the sink , picks up some homework and leaves the room .
 A person is trying to fix a camera then they put it down on the table and start to work on their laptop .
 There is a person that takes off their jacket and shoes . That same person then fidgets with the doorknob .
 Person is standing on stairs and looking at groceries that are on table , then person starts sneezing .
 One person is sitting on a bed looking through a box while the other person is standing and drinking from a mug
 A person is walking up the stairs carrying a bag of various items . Another person is carrying a foldable chair and also walking up the stairs .
 A person is vacuuming a pillow in the garage , the person then throws the pillow .
 A person opens up the door and carries a box inside the bathrom . They look at themselves in the mirror . And open the medicine cabinet .
 A person is watching a door at the top of bottom of the stairs . Then a person is going up or down the stairs and is closing the door and picking up a sofa pillow .
 A person by the entryway is smiling because they are looking at a picture on their phone . They start grasping a glass of water and take a drink from it , while leaving their phone on the ground .
 A person is in the rec room snuggling with a pillow . The person puts down the pillow and grabs a glass of water . The person drinks the water and puts the glass into a box .
 A person bends down to pick up a clothing item . The person folds the the clothing item . The person picks up another clothing item and folds it . The person picks up a third item and carries it with them to a door . The person exits .
 A person walks into their garage and turns on the light . They open the garage door and another person pushes out an old sofa that was sitting outside . They both laugh .
 A person stands in the hallway , holding a bag of groceries . The person puts the groceries into a cabinet .
 A person is holding a towel in the hallway . They then star sneezing and drop the towel .
 One person eats a sandwich and opens a laptop , then starts playing games on it while propped on a pillow .
 A person is sitting down talking on a phone they then grab a backpack and throw it on the floor and smile .
 The person looks in all directions while in a seated position . They look forward and rub their hands together . They then get up and walk away .
 A person lays on the bed for a few moments before sitting up and stretching arms as if awakening . The person then stands up and walks out of the room .
 A person is in the kitchen running water in the sink to do dishes . Then she sneezes into her hand and walks away .
 the person walks into the laundry room holding a towel and broom . The person closes the dryer and opens the door and walks out .
 A person walks over to a sink and washes a small glass cup . The person sets the cup on a counter and then picks up a coffee cup and takes a drink .
 There is a person sitting at a table . That person gets up and walks over to a television and picks up a box . That same person then sits on the sofa and watches television
 Person is grasping a pillow while vacuuming the floor . Person then takes homework from the desk and puts it in a bag .
 A person is washing a picture frame , while another person stands nearby holding a glass of water .
 A person is sitting opening a box and taking out a book while another person is standing playing on their phone .
 He got the screwdriver and he started to unscrew or screw the bolt on the table .
 A person holding a pillow throws it on the floor . He picks up another pillow and throws that as well . He grabs a phone from his desk and starts using it .
 A man is sitting on a bed with a cup of coffee , which he holds as he removes his phone and begins to text on it .
 A person is looking into a mirror , the person then takes clothes out of a cabinet and throws them on the ground before eating some food .
 A person standing in a room tosses a bag in the air and catches it . The person walks to another room swinging the bag while pacing back and forth .
 A person with a camera takes a photo of something and looks at it before grabbing a bag of doritos and walking out .
 A person cooks some food in a pot on the stove . The person holds their arm out while looking away .
 A person is smiling while watching a video on a phone . The person then opens a book and begins to eat some food .
 A person put a bag in the dryer and then looked out the window . After doing so , the person proceeded to walk away .
 A person wakes from bed and turns the light on by the doorway . He then walks to the window and opens it , letting in the sun .
 A person is opening a door and then lying on a sofa in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person walks into a bathroom and takes some toilet paper off the sink . The person sneezes in front of a mirror and rubs their nose with the toilet paper
 A person walks into a hallway and puts on a pair of shoes , a scarf , and a coat , and then exits the hallway through a door .
 The person walked into the room , opened the cupboard , took out a book , looked at the book , put it back in the cupboard , then closed the cupboard door .
 A person walked into a room holding a bag . The person walked over to some shelves , took down some items and put them in the bag . The person walked over to a light switch and turned it off before walking out of the room .
 A person walks through the doorway and picks up a phone from the table . After , the person takes their shoes from the floor , leaves the room , and closes the door .
 This person appears to be standing in a garage . This person then takes off his jacket . That 's all that happens .
 A person sits in a chair , next to a table with a computer . The person takes bottles of medicine from a table and throws it on the ground .
 A person walks into a room carrying towel they open the front door and place the towel on the doorknob then they go outside .
 A person takes a picture/video of themselves sneezing several times then puts the camera down and closes the open door behind them . Then they pick up a rag and wipe the wall .
 A person is sitting on a chair watching someone cooking at the stove and reading a recipe book .
 A person is sitting at a table . The person is putting away their homework and cleaning off the table .
 A person is lying on the sofa in the living room . The person takes their phone from their pocket and begins playing with it .
 A person lying on their living room floor , eating a sandwich while watching TV and doing their homework , suddenly runs to a cabinet and retrieves a box .
 A person in their bedroom is playing with their laptop that is lying on a desk . They eventually start throwing a towel onto their bed while dressing by putting a jacket on .
 A person opens the bathroom window , washes their hands in the sink , then looks at a picture hanging on the wall .
 A person in their recreation room is drinking from a glass of water . They are watching something on their television while also watching something on their laptop .
 A person is walking into a room to grab a towel and then again back out of the room with the towel .
 One person runs into the basement holding a box , then opens the box , which is full of shoes .
 A person in a basement begins undressing . They take clothes off a table and put them in the washer then close the washer .
 A person comes into a room with their hair wrapped in a towel and their phone they sit on the bed and play with their phone they take the towel off their head and throw the towel .
 A man is taking food out of a bag , then eating it , while another person is fixing a doorknob . The eating man watches his friend fix the door .
 A person is sitting on a c hair reading a book . Another person runs into the room and dusts a shelf with a mitten .
 A person turned on a light and walked into a kitchen and then turned on the tap water , and continued to adjust the water temperature as it filled up the sink .
 A person stands in front of a sofa , holding a box . The person puts the box down , and runs from the room .
 Person enters the kitchen and pours a glass of cola and sits down at the table to drink it . Upon finishing it Person takes the glass and rinses it before placing it in the sink and grabbing a sandwich and sitting back down again to eat it .
 Person walks into the kitchen and starts cleaning the cabinets by wiping them down , opening and closing them .
 a woman is smiling , takes a cup of tea and drinks from it . A man is sitting on a couch and puts shoes off and places them in his backpack .
 A smiling person walks into a kitchen and turns on a light and does their homework before leaving .
 The person was closing the doorway to the pantry , and started to laugh at the kitchen table that was covered with after-school things .
 A person is holding a laptop and throws a towel on the ground in a hallway .
 A person walks to a window and looks outside . A 2nd person is lying on the floor on a blanket looking at a picture .
 A person is laying on the floor with a blanket covering them . The person has a bowl of food next them . The person begins eating the food in the bowl .
 This person appears to be in a bathroom . This person rinses cup in the sink , picks up bag and then throw it down .
 Person checks themselves out in a mirror and then reaches to get something off of a shelf , accidentally knocks plastic plant off of shelf
 A person laughs as they look out the window . The person takes a bite from a sandwich , then sneezes .
 There are two people here . One walks in door from the outside with a shopping bag . Other is standing still inside and looking on their phone .
 A person is walking to turn the light on . Then , laughing , the person begins to unpack groceries out of a box on the table .
 A person is sitting on the toilet working on their laptop . The person stands up , closes their laptop , places the laptop on top of the cabinet , and washes their hands . The person tosses the towel on the floor after drying their hands .
 A person walks over to a desk and picks up a phone on the desk . They nod their head and hang up . They start watching the telephone and start grasping at the cord because they think they see a fly .
 A person is sitting on a chair next to a dining table . This person is doing their homework . The person is drinking a cup of water . The person starts closing the school book .
 A person is seen standing with their laptop . They then sit down on the sofa and start working on their laptop , putting a glass of water next to them
 A person is plugging in something and looking at it while a light flashes . Then they close it and set it down .
 A person walks through the kitchen and picks up a sweater from the counter . The person then puts on the sweater and goes to the cabinet . The person opens the cabinet door , takes a bottle of medicine from the shelf , and sneezes . The person then turns off the light .
 A person in the garage begins undressing while holding a broom and laughing . The person then picks up a box .
 A person walks into a room carrying some shoes , they then pick up a dish of food and set it on a table and eat some food from it .
 A person is standing holding their shoes when the take their jacket off and then they take their shoes that they are wearing off .
 A person is looking at their phone while standing in front of a mirror . The person then cleans the mirror with a towel .
 A person sits on a plastic chair before taking a pillow from the bed and snuggling with it . Afterwards , another person enters through the door and places a bag on the table .
 A person walks through a doorway while holding a towel . The person then fixes the blanket on the bed . Next the person begins washing the floor with a towel .
 The person removes a button down shirt , puts it on the counter , picks up a broom with dustpan and examines it .
 A person is trying to fix their closet doorknob . They feel uncomfortable standing so they take off their shoes and sit down to continue .
 person is tidying his wardrobe and trying to working on his homework at the same time .
 A person opens the door to the closet and grabs a blanket and a book , they start smiling thinking about what they are going to read .
 A person opens a door , walks into a room , turns on a light , picks up a glass and drinks from it as they sit down in a chair .
 The person is walking around an apartment and looking around , in one room the person picks up a sandwitch .
 A person runs into their laundry room . They grasp the doorknob and close the door . The person starts dressing then leaves holding their phone .
 A person stands at a bathroom sink and takes a sip from a glass of water , and then jiggles the doorknob of the closed bathroom door , and then lies down on the floor and looks at a cell phone , and then stands back up and opens the door .
 A person sits down on a sofa . The person picks up a sandwich and begins eating it . The person then picks up a phone and plays with it . Finally , the person stands up and leaves .
 A person is laying on the couch they have a large coffee mug they are eating something and a bottle of medicine is falling out of their pocket they put the mug down and take out the bottle of medicine .
 A person is laying on a bed , eating food . The person gets off of the bed and puts shoes on . The person then grabs a broom and begins sweeping the floor with it .
 A person is playing with a towel while another person is holding a doorknob .
 Person looking for something on the bathroom shelf when another person comes in and looks at self in the mirror .
 A person is running down the stairs holding a broom . The person sneezes and throws the broom on the floor next to a bag of groceries .
 The person puts an item from a shelf in a bag then picks up other items and puts them back on the shelf before opening a drawer .
 A person is walking in the door with groceries . The person puts the groceries on the floor . Another person is looking at a phone .
 A person is sitting on a swivel chair at a desk in front of a computer . After a few seconds , the person spins around in the chair , tidies up some clothes , and walks away .
 A person is sitting on a bed undressing out of the clothes , they then take a pillow and put it inside a cabinet .
 A person sits next to another person on a bench . The first person sneezes . The second person leaves , grabs a towel , then hands it to the other person .
 A person walks through the doorway , and cooks on the stovetop . Afterwards , the person walks out of the kitchen and takes off a jacket .
 A person is inside of a main room picking a door from the inside . He picks the lock successfully , opens the door a few inches and promptly shuts it . They then wipe the brow of their forehead with a towel .
 A person is sitting in a chair while watching TV with a laptop in their lap .
 A person sits in a bathroom , while another walks in . The person washes something in the bathroom sink and then brushes their teeth .
 A laughing person is sitting on a sofa in a hallway doing their homework .
 2 people are in the bedroom one person is opening a closet door while another person is taking off their shirt the first person leaves through the closet
 A person is doing dishes in the kitchen . They are putting the clean dishes on a dish rack . They put their hand under the running water for a moment . Once they are finished , that turn off the lights and leave .
 A person went from one room to another with a basket . The person unloaded the basket , started up a stove and put a pot on .
 Person walks down hallway while popping medicine in mouth and drinking a glass of water . Person then stops in the hallway and straightens picture on the wall . Person then starts tidying of the floor in the hallway by picking up clothes from the floor .
 A person in the bedroom is walking around looking for a book . When they find the book in the cabinet , they start smiling and laughing at how silly of a place to put this book .
 A person is seen snuggling with a book . They begin smiling and start to close the book , to find some food .
 The person sitting on the couch is watching TV . After watching for a few seconds , he picks up a bag of groceries and puts it on the dining room table .
 The person flailed a cloth around over a table . The person then opened a box of fruits on the table and went to the refrigerator . The person placed the fruit in the refrigerator along with the closed box .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching television and drinking water out of a cup .
 Person is lying on floor by doorway playing with clothes then starts throwing clothes .
 A person is cleaning the floor with a vacuum in a hallway . The person is opening and closing doors as they vacuum .
 A person is standing in front of a glass mirror . They turn on the light and begin smiling into the mirror before getting dressed .
 A person is sitting on the couch in the recreation room watching television . The person laughs and takes their shoes off before lying down .
 The person is standing and they take off their glasses first and then their shirt . After which they close the door and pick up a broom and move a vacuum .
 A person is putting a towel on the doorknob . The person then takes off their shirt , puts the shirt on the ground , picks up a glass from the floor , and fills the glass with water . The person then takes out a box of medicine , takes the medicine , closes the cabinet door , and drinks some water .
 A person removes a blanket from a bag on the bed . The person then walks out of the room while carrying the blanket .
 A person walks into a laundry room holding , and looking at a picture . The person puts the picture down and picks up a dust mop and walks away from the laundry room .
 A person is looking at themselves in a mirror . The person laughs . The person grabs a pillow and spins it on their finger .
 A person is picking a bag up off the floor . The person carries the bag to the door and opens the door . The person stands in the doorway , comes back in , and carries the bag into the dining room .
 A person is snuggling on a couch with a blanket in a recreation room . The person is opening a beer . The person puts the beer cap into a bag .
 A person is wrapped in a blanket on a sofa . The person picks up a bottle of water and takes a drink while watching television . Another person turns off a light .
 Two people are standing in a kitchen . One is holding a red cup and reaching into a cabinet . The other person is also holding a red cup and is stacking dishes into a cabinet .
 One person runs in wearing a towel , grasps a book from a small table and sits down on a nearby sofa .
 A person places a book onto a bookshelf , then the person straightens up the books on the shelf . The person takes a step back and looks around , and then places a hand on the books .
 A person enters a room and takes off their jacket and puts it on the floor.The person proceeds to pick up a phone and walk across the room.The person takes picture of shoes on a sofa .
 A person is standing up holding an open laptop . The same person then opens some medicine and takes it with water .
 Person A is in a kitchen clearing a table of dirty plates . Person A grasps the plates and takes them to the sink and begins washing the plates .
 A person is walking and laughing while looking at a phone . He puts something on a table next to dishes .
 A person makes some food on the stove . The person puts some soap on a scrub and starts to wash some plates .
 One person is sitting and eating on a small sofa , and another with hair in a towel is sneezing and holding medicine .
 A person sits in a chair in a bedroom while drinking from a cup and a second person paces the room and then puts something in a basket on the floor while kneeling at the basket .
 A person was sitting on a chair and working on a laptop . The person then picked up a pillow . The pillow was then placed on the head . The person then smiled .
 A person is standing in a bathroom and looking at themselves in a mirror . The person is also tidying up a towel .
 A person is laughing and throwing their phone onto a chair . A person is watching and laughing .
 A person walks into a living room , picks up a book from the sofa , and sits on the sofa . The person then reads the book , and gets up from the sofa .
 A person puts a blanket down on the chair in the entryway to their home . The person , smiling , puts on a pair of shoes .
 A person is standing in a doorway holding a phone . The person then grabs a plate off food off of a table .
 A person is laughing at a television then lying on clothes on the floor of a dining room .
 A person is on top of a ladder , grasping for a can of food on the top shelf of the pantry . Suddenly , the door closes , startling the person and throwing the person off the ladder .
 A person is eating food at the kitchen table . They are smiling at the comedy movie that is on the television , as well .
 A person looked at picture above the television and then began washing and putting away the laundry .
 A person is lying down on the bed in the bedroom . They start undressing by taking their jacket off and putting it in a wardrobe . Then , they pick up a book and start watching the book .
 A person is working on a laptop in the kitchen . The person starts cooking on the stove .
 A person is sitting down . The person then got up and opened the fridge . The person then grabbed some food .
 One person is sitting on a bed and eating . Another person walks into a room and sits down in a red chair and talks to the person on the bed .
 A person is holding a box of cereal and eating it out of the box while they are watching television in the living room .
 A person is looking in the mirror and fixing their hair , while another person carries a chair by the window .
 Two people standing next to each other . One person is holding a bag while the other walks over to a window and proceeds to interact with it .
 A person is holding a bag of groceries . They grab some food out of the bag , open it , and start eating .
 A person sits on a bed and takes a drink . The person turns on a small lamp , off , and then back on again multiple times .
 A person is sitting on a sofa and drinking from a cup . They take a sip of their drink , and then take another while noticing something outside the window .
 A person is holding some dishes then puts then down . The person then begins cooking at the stove .
 A person is standing with a blanket wrapped around his shoulders . He takes the blanket off and starts to fold it . Then he rolls it up and throws it through a doorway into another room .
 A person is looking through a book . The person is grabbing a towel and sneezing into it . The person puts the towel down , walks to the sink , and washes their hands .
 A person starts picking clothes up off the bed . The person then coughs a few times and picks more clothes off the bed and then some off of a chair . The person then drops a few pieces of clothing onto the floor .
 A person walks into a room and begins tidying a shelf . The pick up something and a bottle of medicine . They walk away looking at the medicine and holding the other item .
 A person crosses a carpeted room and picks up two shoes . Afterwards , the person turns and looks at the camera , puts the shoes on a shelf , and opens the door .
 person holding shoes open the shelf and then bought a can and put had put on the table .
 A person is opening a cabinet in their home office . They begin watching some video on their phone while tying their shoes .
 A person is running down the hallway , opens a door , grabs a chair , and looks for something in a bin .
 A person enters the front door , carrying two paper grocery bags . The person then puts a piece of food in their mouth and looks around the room a few times .
 A person is opening a box of snacks and eating them . They throw one , and leave the room turning off the lights .
 A person enters a door carrying an armful of blankets . The person tosses them onto the floor and then sits down beside them . The person snuggles one of the blankets while smiling .
 A person is standing at the bottom of a staircase . Another person runs down the stairs .
 This girl walked/stomped over to her desk in the corner and plopped herself down into the chair angrily . She picked up her phone angrily and called someone and started talking while jerking her blanket off the desk and onto her lap . When she was done she walked/stomped back toward the camera .
 A person awakens from a nap on a couch . The person adjusts the pillow so that they can sit up against it , then picks up a nearby book and a highlighter . The person continues working , marking things in the book .
 A person sits in a chair at a desk watching television then turn the television off . They pour a cup of coffee and put it on the desk next to a laptop that they begin working on .
 A person is sneezing in the doorway then begins laughing at the television .
 A person is laying down on a bed with a blanket watching tv then another person comes and throws a pile of clothes on the floor .
 A person walks into a room walks over and looks at their self in a mirror and runs their fingers through their hair , sneezes and then sits down and sneezes again , and they stretch out for a second
 A person takes a book off of a shelf and starts reading it . The person puts the book down . The person then opens a laptop and starts working on it .
 A person is watching the television while lying down and holding holding a phone .
 A person runs toward a television next to a door . The person then opens that door .
 A person is undressing in the bathroom by removing their jacket . They start closing the door while holding a picture that they found on the counter .
 The person is washing out the inside of their sink . Then person takes a broom and sweeps a spot on the floor .
 The person grabs a bag from the pantry , takes a look inside and then starts bobbing his head up and down . After looking through the bag he grabs an orange , puts in on the kitchen counter , then rolls up the bag and puts it back where it was .
 A person walks through a room and gets a jacket out of the closet . This person then puts the jacket on .
 The person is laughing as they clean the stairs . They use the broom to sweep up the stairs and then they put the broom down and walk away .
 The person walks from an entranceway into a bedroom , picks up a camera that was sitting in a chair , and then sits in the chair . The person then inspects the camera while sitting down .
 A person is laughing at a picture while walking to a mirror .
 A person sits up and yawns as they wake up . They put their glasses on , take a sip of coffee , and then lay back down with a blanket .
 A person walks across the room and back . Then they go back across the room and pick up a plate of food and eat from it . Then they brush themselves off . Then they put the plate back on the counter . Then they brush themselves off and take clothes out of a hamper and throw them across the room .
 A person sweeping their living room with a broom sneezes . They prop the broom against the doorway and use the camera on their phone to take a picture of the clean floor , and then leave the living room .
 Two people are in a room one is sitting on the bed taking their shoes off , while the other one is standing by the window reading a book .
 A person is awakening , then grasping a vacuum , then eating a sandwich and lastly turning off a light in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person sits down on a bench , opens a container of medicine , pours a spoonful , and then gets up and walks away with the filled spoon .
 Person coming into the room , sitting at desk to watch television while eating some food , and then putting the food on the desk before leaving the room .
 A person takes a pair of shoes out of a bag and puts them on . The person looks at a picture on the wall , fixes it so it 's straight , then laughs at the picture .
 A person is standing in the living room looking at a picture on the wall . The person takes a sandwich off the desk and eats it .
 A person walks up a staircase while holding a brief case and then the person enters a bedroom and begins to undress .
 A person is sitting at a desk doing their homework . A person then takes a load of clothes and throws them in the wardrobe .
 Person walks in , sits down , and begins to look at a pair of shoes.This person carries a sandwich into their room and places it on the desk .
 A person is lying on the floor , then awakening and walking towards a desk and then sitting on a chair in a recreation room / man cave .
 A person is sitting at a table and takes a pill and quickly takes a drink of water from a cup at the table . A few seconds later , the person angrily throws a pillow on the floor .
 A person is standing in the doorway holding a towel and food . They appear to sneeze multiple times .
 A person standing on the stairs looks up at the light . They begin undressing by removing their sweater , and then they grab a broom and head down the stairs .
 A person tidy 's their room with a towel . Then , walks out of that room and closes the door behind them .
 A person is lying down in their bathroom . They stand up and start undressing by taking their jacket off . They are hungry and want some food , and fortunately there is a sandwich on the counter that they begin eating .
 A person is putting clothes on a chair . A person then sneezes into a towel . A person then puts the towel on a chair .
 The person looks at something ahead of them and smiles and laughs . They move their body from side to side while carrying a vacuum .
 One person is sweeping the floor , while the other person puts on his shoes in the background . The background person walks away , while the other person continues sweeping .
 A person is standing in the living room , laughing at a picture in a book .
 A person enters the room through a doorway and closes the door . Then they kick off their shoes and open the blinds . Then they walk to the sink and wash dishes .
 The people are playing on the stairs , chasing each other up and down , and throwing a small beanie bag back and forth . One of the people takes a moment to have a beverage , drinking a large gulp from it . The other person , sweating from the playing , begins undressing , leaving pieces of their wardrobe all along the stairs .
 A person holding a plastic bag , puts the bag on the bed as well as sits on the bed then takes the remote and turns on the tv
 The person is eating a handful of food by the table swaying back and forth , then takes a drink and walks back to the camera .
 The person is sitting on a couch then grabs a towel off the other couch seat and folds it up . The person then throws the folded towel on the ground and gets up and walks to the fridge . The person then opens the fridge and takes something out .
 A person opens their laptop and begins watching a video . After a moment , the person closes their laptop and grasps the doorknob .
 A person lying on the floor suddenly sneezes . They throw the blanket they 've been wearing on top of themselves off , and stand up . Working their way to a shelf , they grab a beverage , and begin drinking from it . Thirst quenched , they return to lying on the floor , wrapped in their blanket once again .
 A person walking into a room , going to a window and picking up their camera . The person proceeds to look at the camera turns and walks out of the room .
 A person lies on the floor in a garage , next to a chair and box . The person picks up the box and opens a door . The person then leaves the garage .
 A man is sitting in a room with a computer on his lap . He begins to straighten his clothes and hair as if he 's had an online conversation with someone . He notices something and picks it up off the floor to examine it .
 A person stands in front of an open refrigerator . They close the refrigerator door and walk to another door . They grasp the doorknob .
 A person sits on a sofa and leans on a pillow . The person flips through the pages of a book . The person gets up and walks away from the sofa .
 A person is opening the blinds to their window , afterwards they sit down and continue eating some food out of a bowl .
 A person is standing at a sink looking into a mirror . The person then picks up a bottle of medicine and looks at it . Then the person puts the bottle down and walks out of the room .
 A person is reading and drinking coffee on a bed . They lay down and continue to drink after closing the book .
 A person adjusts some blankets and folds them on a bed . The person adjusts some more sheets and then takes their shirt off .
 A person is in a dining room undressing and removing their shoes , they then stand and grab a near by pillow before exiting the room .
 A person opened a door and walked into the hallway . The person is holding a glass of water that the person occasionally drinks from . The person has a pair of shoes on .
 A person is washing their face at the sink . They drink from a glass of water . They look at the mirror and smile . Then they turn the doorknob and leave .
 The person was holding a bag . They walked to the refrigerator to put the bag inside . While the person held the refrigerator door open , they watched television .
 A person is standing in the room grasping an open bottle of medicine and a spoon . The person pours some medicine into a spoon and drinks it , then closes the bottle and puts it down on the shelf . The person picks up a laptop off the shelf and turns off the light and leaves .
 A person is throwing clothes into a bag . They wipe their face with a towel and throw the towel in the bag . They stand up , and leaving the bag where it sits , exit the room .
 A person enters through the door way and sits down on a couch . They grab a blanket and pull it on to their lap , then reach over on to a table and grasp a remote . A person uses the remote to turn on the TV and watches tv .
 A person opens a wardrobe door . The person grabs a bag from the floor and fills it with clothing . The person rearranges clothing inside the wardrobe .
 A person standing in a hallway takes their shoes off one at a time and places them at the bottom of a stairway .
 Person in pajamas is cooking at a stove mixing in a pot . Person then walks over to table , grabs a paper towel , and sneezes into towel .
 One person is vacuuming the floor . Another person is standing by a sink pouring liquid out of a coffee cup and sneezing . A third person walks over and starts talking to the third person .
 A person is playing n her phone , typing on her lap top , sneezing , then gets up and walks away .
 A person retrieves a shoelace from a bag , consults a book , then begins threading the shoelace through the eyelets of a sneaker
 Person sitting at a desk with a phone in hand having a conversion , another person walks to the door
 A man is sitting down and sipping from a cup as another man is straightening up shoes and items on a floor in front of him .
 Black man hangs up the phone , turns on a light and then picks up a pill bottle , unscrews it and then emptying the pills into his mouth .
 A person puts a laptop down onto a desk . The person sits at the desk , opens the laptop , and begins playing a game .
 Someone is in their kitchen washing dishes . They open the refrigerator and grab eggs , lettuce , sour cream and something else .
 A person in a hallway is smiling and eating an apple stops and stands in the doorway to a pick up a bag off the floor .
 A person i walking towards a closet smiling looking at their camera , they then put their camera on a shelf and walk away .
 Two people are sitting in beds that are across the room from each other . One person tugs on a window curtain while looking out of the window . The other person sits sideways on a bed and flips an ink pen up in the air .
 A person started out on their laptop completing homework . A person got up and walked towards the refrigerator . A person reaches into the fridge and takes an apple . A person goes ahead and consumes the apple .
 A person is grasping their camera . The person 's phone rings and they answer it while walking toward the cabinet .
 A person is snuggling in bed when suddenly they get awakened by a light coming through the window .
 A person is sitting on the stairs and opening a box . A person then begins to take some medicine . A person then begins to eat some food
 A person walks into a room and puts a sweater on a chair . The person then grabs a magazine and sits down on the floor to read it .
 A person is opening the fridge then they are at the stove cooking the lift the pan several times .
 a person is kneeling on the floor they open the cabinet and take out some clothes then they take off their jacket
 A person is opening a refridgarator and rearranging things inside of it then they close the fridge door .
 A person opens a door , walks through the doorway carrying a bag and closes the door . They first remove their shoes and put them on the floor , then open the bag and remove a laptop and some homework . They put the bag on the ground .
 A person carrying a container walks in a room . The person sets the container down and walks towards a window . The person grabs two pieces of fabric and wipes the window border with them . The person then stares at a wall .
 The person was sitting at his desk laughing at a book he was reading . Despite the book being funny , the person grew tired of it and threw it on the table and decided to go to bed .
 A person is cleaning off a desk with a towel . The person is holding a pillow . The person puts a laptop on it and opens it .
 A person in the dining room is running around a table . They stop running and start playing with their phone .
 A person walks into a room and picks up a broom-like object . While holding the broom-like object the person sets the broom-like object in their left hand they bend over to pick up a pair of shoes with their right hand . The person taps the shoes on the floor a couple of times and then leaves with the shoes and the broom-like object .
 A person is standing by a doorway peeking in a room then they grab a pillow and blanket and snuggle while looking out a window .
 A person is cooking at the stove . They walk over to the refrigerator , and then start pulling out food .
 A person is putting a box in the doorway . The a person is sitting with the box and seeing what is in it .
 A person walks into the bathroom , grasping a glass . The person fills the glass with water in the sink .
 A person is sitting on the stairs holding a pillow and making hand gestures . They appear in front of a mirror , sneeze and then use their hands to clean and prepare themselves .
 A person plays a game on their laptop . The person laughs , closes the laptop , then looks out the window .
 A person is sitting in a chair covered with a blanket then sneezes into the blanket multiple times .
 A person turns on a light , opens a door , takes a phone out of his pocket and looks at it and also grabs a vacuum .
 A person is standing and snuggling with a blanket . The person is making a cup of coffee and then walks out of the room .
 A person is taking clothes out of the dryer and folding them on the table . Another person is closing the washing machine in the laundry room .
 A person walks through a doorway into a room and drags a chair from underneath a desk to the side with him . Another person is sitting on the bed taking pictures with their phone .
 A person drinks out of a glass while standing looking out a door . Another person walks through the door , sits on the couch and picks up a pad of paper .
 A person is looking in the mirror while holding a phone and broom , sneezes into their hand and begins to undress .
 A person puts a pot on the stove . The person pulls out their phone , and smiles when they look at it .
 A person walks into the kitchen and stares at a table , they then take out a phone , stare at it for a minute , then leave the room .
 A person sits in a chair in front of the stove . The person stands and watches as the food on the stove cooks .
 A person is drinking water and eating a sandwich , then the person starts smiling tries to read a book .
 A person walks into the basement , holding groceries . The person sets the groceries down , takes a laptop from the table , and leaves .
 A person is looking in the cabinet , and sneezes . They take something off the shelf , and walk away .
 The person ate the sandwich slowly taking time to smile and laugh . Approximately half way through eating the sandwich the person turned off the light .
 A person in the entryway of a house is drinking a glass of coffee . They begin walking away from the entryway while holding a bag of groceries .
 A person sitting on the floor wraps a blanket around themselves , grabs a pillow , hugs it , tosses it down and lays down on it then begins to eat from a bowl on the floor
 There is a person with a blanket wrapped around them standing at the refrigerator with the door open . That same person takes something out of the refrigerator . drinks it . puts it back and closes the door .
 A person is standing at the kitchen sink washing several dishes . Between each dish they look out the window in front of them . After washing , they put the dishes away in a cupboard and then leave the room .
 A person walks into the room , wheeling in a chair and holding a broom . The person then sits on the chair , in front of a cabinet . The person opens the cabinet door , sets the broom in the corner , and starts rearranging items on the shelf . The person then stands up and leaves the room .
 A person walks into the kitchen uses a towel to wipe the table and then walks over to the stove and starts cooking .
 A person is standing in their kitchen , watching TV as they dry dishes with a towel .
 A person is standing and laughing while holding a bag of something while in the kitchen next to the fridge .
 A person is standing in their kitchen , they walk over to their stove and light it . The person puts a pot on the stove , picks up a utensil and starts stirring the contents of the pot .
 Person walks to dining table , pulls out chair and sits down , gets up , pushes chair in , walks to couch and sits down on couch
 A person in the entryway is undressing in front of a mirror . They stop , smile at the mirror and sneeze .
 One person fixes a light in the garage , then leaves with a bundle of clothes .
 A person is standing in front of a painting holding a broom . The person picks up a glass of water , drinks from it and then places it on a table .
 A person is plating food onto dishes , then sneezing on the food , followed by laughing in a kitchen .
 A person is opening a cupboard and grabs food and coffee off of a shelf . They are opening the wrapper of the food and throwing it away .
 One person standing in living room while watching tv and taking off jacket . Another person walks into living room , sits down on couch with a plate and opens up laptop .
 A person turns on the light in the laundry room , puts a blanket into the washing machine and pours in some detergent . They then close the lid of the machine and start washing the blanket .
 A person is walking towards a camera while another person is smiling at a sandwich .
 A person is fixing a shelf , then putting clothes in a wardrobe while laughing in a recreation room / man cave .
 A person sits in a chair in the bedroom , eating a sandwich .
 A person opens the refrigerators then cooks while drinking something next to a chair .
 A person is lying on the sofa with a blanket and is snuggling with themselves to get comfortable . Next to the sofa is a low cabinet with a small mirror laying on top .
 This person is putting on a shirt , buttons it up , then walks out of the room and turns the light off .
 In the living room , a person is running around with a glass of coffee in one hand , and a pillow in the other hand . Realizing how silly they look , they begin sitting down while throwing the pillow on the ground .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the closet , surrounded by clothes . Another person opens the door to the closet , and is startled to find the first person there .
 A person enters the room and turns on the light . They walk to the washer and and open it and then they pour some laundry detergent into a cup .
 The person is vacuuming in the dining room under the table . The person looks out the window and sees someone familiar . The person stands at the window smiling .
 A person lays in bed , snuggling a pillow close to their chest . They get out of bed and walk over to a mirror and begin undressing out of their pajamas .
 A person nods their head before a second person begins to wash their hands . While the other person is washing their hands the first person continues to nod their head and move their hands every few seconds .
 One person is walking through the doorway and then sneezes . Then they stop at a mirror and fix their hair .
 A person holding a snack touches a cabinet . He opens the cabinet and takes a box off the shelf and holds it . He eats a snack and then touches a bottle on the cabinet . Then he puts the box back on the shelf .
 A person is running to open the door . A person enters , walking in and taking their shoes off . The person turns the light on as the person walks past it .
 A person is sitting on the floor next to a doorway holding a blanket ( or towel ? ) . The person stands up , turns on the light , and leaves the room .
 A person is washing their bedroom window . The person crumples up the paper towel they were using and throws it into the garbage can , which sits next to a television .
 A person is seen drinking a glass of water standing in a doorway . They hold their phone while checking messages , then put their phone away and leave .
 person sitting on a toilet fixes as Dirt Devil with a screwdriver , puts down the handvac and puts on a jacket
 A person was sitting at a desk in the living room , then got up and took a dirty glass , silverware and bowl to the kitchen and set them in the sink
 A person is standing in the entryway looking out the window . The person grabs their camera and laughs as they leave through the doorway .
 A person in a dining room is dressing in front of a mirror before opening a doorway .
 A person opens the closet door and puts a box on the closet shelf and takes a shirt from the close and walks out of view with the shirt .
 A person standing next to a car shouts something , then shakes a plastic bag and pillow , then rifles through the bag for a moment before brushing something off the car .
 A person is standing drinking a glass of water and holding a pillow . They throw the pillow into a box that 's on the floor and then reach down into the box and pick the pillow back up . They throw it in the box and retrieve it repeatedly .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the kitchen with a blanket around their shoulders and reading a book , and the person puts down the book , picks up a broom , and leaves the kitchen .
 A person is cooking on the stove . The person puts some food onto a pan . The person then swirls the sauce in the pan .
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a shoes they go to the window and look out side .
 A person is standing in the kitchen styling their hair while looking in the mirror . They change their clothes and continue to look in the mirror .
 Person wearing a plaid pants , walked over to closet with broom and dustpan , then put it in the closet . Person then closed the door and walks away .
 A person is lying in bed . The person wakes up and opens some food and eats it . The person drinks from a glass .
 A person is rooting around in a box in the closet . The person then pulls some shoes out from next to it . The person then leaves the room .
 A person is sitting in the laundry room , watching the washer and dryer . The person takes their shoes off and looks in the mirror .
 A person runs into the dining room holding a sandwich . The person puts the sandwich into a lunch box and pours a glass of water , then turns off the light and leaves .
 A person is sitting in a chair with a book . The person cuddles the book and tells it that he loves it , and then throws the book saying they take it back .
 A person is standing in the kitchen using a vacuum cleaner . The person pulls out a chair from the kitchen table and vacuums underneath the table . The person puts the vacuum cleaner in an upright position and takes out a cell phone from their pocket and answers a call .
 Person opens door to room , steps inside and shuts the door . Person carries up groceries up the stairs . While walking up the stairs , the person looks out of the window.and laughs .
 A person picks up a red portable vacuum from a counter , walks into a room , closed the door and then begins vacuuming the floor .
 A person is using a laptop and writing things down . They are sitting down , wipe their nose and continue to write on a pad of paper . They then pickup a pan from a table .
 The person stands outdoors while putting on a dress shirt and another person stares at them while eating something .
 A person is holding a blanket and seems to be laughing into the blanket . The person walks over to a table picks up a pastry and eats it .
 A person is standing on some stairs under a light dressing , they then go down and begin dressing by a window .
 A person sits on their bed , playing a game on their laptop . They reach over to the stand , take a sip of coffee and put it back down .
 A person walks into the laundry room and tries to fix a lamp that is sitting on top of the dryer .
 A person is using a broom to clean the stairs and then the person picks up a pillow and a glass .
 A person standing and laughing taking their hat and scarf.The person proceeds to keep laughing and taking off their jacket .
 A person picks up a box of food from the coffee table and begins to eat while standing . They put the box down .
 A person is sneezing . The person sneezes once in their arm . The person sneezes three times in a towel . The person reaches for a doorknob and exits .
 A person is standing in the bathroom fixing the sink . They close the door , take their phone out of their pocket , and smile .
 A person sits on the stairs holding a bottle of medicine . They open the bottle and take some medicine . They put the bottle down and pick up a phone . They begin fixing the phone .
 A person opens a box . The person takes some shoes from the box and places them on a desk .
 There is a person walking and eating something from a bowl . That same person opens a door and leaves the room .
 A person stands in front of the window holding a sandwich , and smiles after seeing something amusing outside..
 A person is tidying up the counter because someone left groceries all over it . Then a person is sneezing as the turn the doorknob .
 The person is sitting on the sink in the bathroom , touching their facial hair and looking in the mirror . Then the person opens the cabinet mirror , takes out an object , looks at it and turns off the light .
 A person in the kitchen is undressing by removing their clothes . After they are done , they start standing up and pick up a pillow on the ground , laughing at how silly the situation is .
 A person eats some food and types on their laptop . They smile and eat some more food
 A person walks into the basement holding a bag , and a broom . They put the bag on the table , and sweep the floor . They sweep the trash into a dustpan and empty it into the bag .
 A person plays with a towel in the man cave . A person leaves the light on in the man cave and exits the room .
 A person carries a glass to a water bucket and washes it before putting it on the back of a toilet . Then they fill a bucket with water and throw it on a door .
 One person is tidying the room and puts a pillow on the bed . Then the person walks to a desk and straightens some books there .
 A person is seen sneezing as they look at their laptop . They start grasping some food and take a bite but do n't like how it tastes .
 A person was standing with a sandwich next to their clothes . Then a person was smiling while opening the bedroom door .
 A person is walking into a hallway , where the person looks into a mirror and removes a jacket , dropping it to the floor . The person looks at something and then puts it down .
 A person is lying on a couch they get up look around go to the window open the window take off their jacket
 A person sits on a shelf with a box on their chest . A person gets up , looks at the box and puts it down .
 A person is standing in the door way fixing a door knob while another person is at a desk watching a laptop .
 A person is smiling while walking with a blanket wrapped around their neck and grasping a bag of groceries .
 A person holding a broom , a pair of shoes and a book is in the room . They put the shoes and books on the floor , then take a towel and begin tidying the broom with it .
 A person turned on a camera then walked away to grab a sandwich . The person then pretended to gobble on it , then put it back down . The person then picked it up again and moved it . The person then grabbed a blanket and folded it , before turning off the camera .
 A person is looking at a picture . A person then opens a refrigerator and grabs some food .
 A person opens the pantry door while holding their phone . The person takes a paper towel from the shelf and wipes off their phone screen .
 A person is using a towel to wash a dish before putting the towel on an ornament . They walk to the stove , mix what 's inside a pan and walk away .
 A person is sitting on a pillow and sneezing while playing with a picture at a table .
 A person is sitting on a sofa drinking coffee and laughing at something they find funny in the television program they 're watching .
 A person walks in the room , touches their face and opens a cabinet door . They put something on one of the shelves and rearrange the other items in the cabinet .
 Person standing in kitchen with vacuum looking at cabinet , turns around , put vacuum near counter , picks up sandwich from bowl , eats it , looks up to ceiling and back down to sandwich .
 A person is taking out there jacket before sitting on a chair . This person then starts to take there sneakers off but has to stop due to constant sneezing .
 A person wearing a blanket over their head opens a bottle of medicine . They sit on the floor and drink the medicine .
 One person plays with the light switch and smiles , then opens up some folded clothes and starts getting dressed .
 A person is washing dishes in a sink and smiling . They pick up a towel , dry their hands and drop the towel . The person grabs a broom and starts sweeping .
 One person has a grocery bag and opens the entry way door , they walk in the house and the other person goes to the window and pours something into a cup in front of the window .
 A person is sitting in a chair in front of a table and mirror , taking off a shirt . The person then puts the shirt on a bed .
 A person stands in the bathroom , removing items from a box . The person puts them away in the cabinet , and then the person sneezes .
 A person walks into the entryway , smiling and grasping a broom . The person walks to the window and opens it .
 A person lying on a sofa and covered by a blanket awakens . They fold the blanket and place it on a wardrobe and retrieve an item from a shelf .
 A person sits at a table , watching a movie on their laptop . The person takes a towel from nearby and dries their tears .
 A person puts away a broom beside the washing machine . Grabs some homework off the top of the washing machine and walks over to put it away . The person picks up clothes off the floor and puts them inside a dresser drawer and tidys a few things on top . The person walks back to the washing machine and closes a tablet , then picks it up and walks away .
 A person is in a bedroom tidying up and putting clothes in a box , they then grasp a bag and walk out the room .
 A person is standing in their laundry room . They are looking out the window and talking and laughing on their phone . They take a pillow and leave the room .
 A person walks into a room carrying a bag . They put the bag on the counter and retrieve a phone from the pocket of their pajamas and start talking on it .
 A person walking into a room , throwing a bag on the floor , then sneezing .
 A person is snuggling with a blanket . A person opens a door and puts the blanket into a closet . The person then closes the closet .
 A person is walking to a door and washing the window in the door with a towel .
 A person is sitting on a chair , typing on their laptop , located on their desk . The person takes a drink of water from a glass on the desk . The person then picks up a sandwich and takes a bite , and then goes back to typing .
 A person walks in eating something and disappears from the video . Almost immediately after , another person carrying a full bag leaves the room .
 A person holding a book walks into a garage and places the book on a shelf . The person puts on a jacket , zips it up , and then adjust the bottom of the jacket .
 A person is seen in open the door to a bedroom . They enter and are seen undressing . They are then seen snuggling with a broom .
 A person takes a pile of clothing into a walk-in close and puts it on a shelf , and they then look at an object they are holding , which might be a cell phone .
 The person fluffed towels on the door then threw a pillow down on a low table before leaning against the wall and laughing .
 The person , sitting on a couch , adjusts their hair using a mirror . The person grabs a blanket from the couch and wraps themselves in it . The person puts the mirror down and lays down with the blanket on the couch .
 A person awakens on the floor , snuggling with a blanket . The person stands up and looks in a mirror . The person notices that their clothes are dirty , so they begin undressing and throwing their clothes through the doorway .
 Shoes are all over the floor . In the dim light a smiling person is watching television . There are dirty dishes on the coffee table .
 A person sitting on the bed gets undressed . They take a glass of water from the table and drink the water .
 A person is undressing and then dressing in different clothes , then smiling and taking a picture with their phone in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is repairing the fan plug , he clean it then fix the fan jali , as mobile rings , he pick up the phone , and start looking at , and he see some thing and laugh at it .
 A person is standing in the laundry room while watching a video on their phone . They begin to eat some food .
 Two persons are sitting on a sofa . One person is working on putting a pillow case on a pillow when the other person throws a towel on the first person .
 A person in the bedroom is running around while drinking a glass of water . They stop and put the glass of water onto a table , while glaring out the window .
 A person is pouring a drink in a cup while another person walks through the nearest doorway .
 Two people stand in a room . One drinks something from a blue mug . The other holds a box with what appears to be a bunch of rags inside . That person walks around the room , pointing at the contents of the box .
 A person walks to a blanket on the floor and takes off their shoes . The person lays down and opens a book to read .
 A person is picking up a towel and blanket and wrapping himself in it while another person stands nearby and records it on his phone .
 One person is looking through a bag , while another person is laughing at the phone .
 A person walks into a bedroom straightens their pillows fixes there blanket then they pick up a phone and set it on a desk .
 A person is standing on a chair with a broom . They are intently watching a bottle of medicine on the desk .
 A person is working with a broom and then grasping a phone in the dining room .
 A person is sitting on a sofa in a dark room , watching television covered with a towel , then the person takes the towel , and folds it . The person then places the towel on his lap .
 A person stood on a cabinet and fixed a light . The person got down from the cabinet and walked over to a closet and locked it .
 A person enters a kitchen , opens the refrigerator door and then closes it and sneezes twice . Then the person turns around and grabs a coffee mug from the shelf and places it into a cupboard . The person turns on the water faucet and rearranges the dishes in the sink .
 A person is standing in the closet putting a blanket on the shelf . The person grabs a pillow off the shelf and throws it on the floor .
 The person is turning the water on and off several times . They also look at the sink and look like they are cleaning it . The whole time they are doing this they are drinking something .
 The person walked to the chair by the table , sat on the chair put elbows on the table holding something on the hands.Get up from the chair looked out trough the window . And walk out of the room .
 One person runs in and grasps a bag from a cabinet by the door before leaving .
 A person walks into a kitchen while another eats some food . The first person stares out the window while the other eats .
 Person walks over to the cabinet putting something in the cabinet then bend down to organize shoes
 A person is walking into the room , holding a laptop , a glass , and a piece of paper ( homework ) . The person is looking at the laptop , talking , and laughing .
 A person pulls a chair through the pantry doorway , stands on it and grasps for items on a shelf , then sneezes .
 Two people walk into the entryway to their home , laughing . One person picks up a sandwich while the other closes the door and turns on a light .
 A person is on a couch in dim lighting reading a book on a specified subject with a pillow resting behind .
 A person is standing looking at a shelf . The person turns and takes a piece of paper from another shelf and tosses it on the floor . The person then picks up a plastic shopping bag and walks away .
 A person in the bedroom is sitting on a bed folding a towel and starts washing a mirror .
 A person picked up a towel from a sink , shook it and held it over the sink while , at the same time , the person pointed with their left hand into a cabinet .
 A person is fixing a vacuum cleaner in a doorway . A second person is throwing shoes at the other person .
 Person sitting in front of a computer folding a towel , and then getting up to measure a shelf .
 A person takes their shoes off and sits on a sofa . Another person runs around while dialing someone on their phone .
 A person is looking through a wardrobe . A person starts tidying up the floor . A person picks up a box , and takes a phone out their pocket .
 A person walking down a hall holding a bag of food stopping at the end of a hall eating out of a bag .Proceeds to take off jacket and walk back up the hall
 A person walks in the room , takes off a shirt and throws it in a box . Then the person picks up a vacuum cleaner and leaves .
 A person is taking some notes at a desk , smiling to themselves thoughtfully . The person then gets up and walks out the door , humming to themselves .
 A person is sleeping at a table with a plate of pasta in front of him . The video speeds up as the person wakes up , grabs his plate and leave the table .
 A man is sitting in the bathroom eating a sandwich while he works on his laptop .
 In a bedroom a person throws a pair of shoes on the floor.Another person joins and sits on the bed . The two chat for a moment before the second person exits the room .
 A person is snuggling on the couch with a book and begins eating food . Their phone rings and they answer taking the call .
 In the bedroom a person is grasping a blanket from the linen shelf , turns and is seen throwing the folded blanket on the bed .
 A person takes some food from a desk at the top of the stairs . The person walks down the stairs , watching something off camera .
 A person is dressing in a wardrobe while holding a book while in the recreation room .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . Another person walks into the kitchen , takes a phone of the fridge , and speaks on it while pacing .
 A person is walking through a room and drinking from a glass . The person then puts the glass on the desk , sits on a desk , and flips through a book . The person gets up from the desk and exits through the doorway .
 A person is in their bedroom running around while watching themselves in a mirror . They stop and take a drink of some coffee while playing with something on their phone .
 A person is smiling as the person looks out the window . Then , sitting on the sofa , the person leans their back against a pillow .
 A person coming out of a room taking a jacket off before throwing it into the room . Then the person takes off slippers and runs down a hallway .
 A laughing person runs around the room grasping shoes and clothes before standing in a doorway then entering a very dark room .
 A person is holding a broom in the kitchen . The person looks in the mirror and begins fixing hair . The person begins to sweep with the broom .
 A person walks over to the window and opens it . The person sneezes , then pulls out some medicine from their pocket and takes it .
 A person is sitting on the bed . The person pours some wine into a glass , then swirls it while putting the bottle on the floor . The person grabs a sandwich , takes a bite , and then sips from their glass of wine .
 A person is dusting their living room . They put the duster down and then pick up a remote and start changing the TV channels .
 A person walked into a room and looked out a window before pulling a picture out of a box . Then the person walked over to a bed , stretched out on the bed and looked at the picture .
 A person stands in a room laughing , then grabs a bottle of water from the table . Another person walks in , takes the bottle of water from them and begins pouring it into a glass . Now they are both laughing .
 One person is drinking coffee when another comes in sneezing , then grasps a blanket and towel .
 A person is under a blanket lying on the stairs then they pick up a broom and fix it .
 A person is lying on the couch , drinking a glass of water . A second person is walking around the room , using a camera to photograph the first person .
 A person is sitting on a chair holding their phone and playing a game on it . Another person stands in the doorway and watches the person in the chair .
 A person is standing at the kitchen sink , washing dishes . The person pauses what they 're doing in order to sneeze five times . This is ridiculous , and it makes the person smile and laugh a little bit . They then continue to wash the dishes .
 The person is standing in a kitchen , and reaching over the stove . The person walks away opens a door removes hat , and takes off a shirt .
 A person is fixing a doorknob with a tool . The person picks up a bag and walks through the doorway .
 One person runs into the laundry room and pours some liquid , then uses a towel to wash the front of a cabinet .
 A person walks in , sits on a couch and eats a sandwich . The person takes medicine off a table , opens it and takes some with a glass of water . The medicine is put back and the person leaves .
 A person is sitting on a toilet eating chips . Another person is sitting on the bathtub holding a broom . The person eating the chips cuddles the bag and gives a thumbs up .
 A person is standing with a broom and then looks at a glass in their hand . The person starts to walk away .
 A person is sitting on the stairs they have a pillow they lay down on the stairs with their pillow and they eat a sandwich .
 A person opened a fridge and took out some groceries . The person then put the groceries on a kitchen counter . The person than began sneezing alot .
 The person was holding a bag and a mug , walked and look at the wall came back with a sponge and cleaned the wall with the sponge .
 A person is tidying up their refrigerator . Another person holding a camera asks them to turn around . The first person does and smiles for a photo .
 A person is in a garage working on a laptop , they then start dressing by putting their shoes on and grab a towel before leaving .
 One person tidies up some dishes , then sneezes into a towel and throws it over the doorknob .
 The person is eating some food . The person puts the food on the table and pours some drink in a glass . The person walks over to the light , turns it out , and leaves the room
 A person is standing in the dining room and inspecting an overhead light . They stop , and take a drink of water from a glass .
 A person is holding dishes while food is cooking on a stove in the background .
 A person is sitting on the floor against a wall they are snuggling a pillow and holding a box and looking in the box .
 a person picks up an empty shoe box , puts it down , messes with the vacuum , picks the shoe box up again then puts it back down again .
 A person walks down the stairs with dirty dishes , leaving them in the sink . They then go sit down in front of the television and turn it on , laughing when a funny joke is told on their favorite sitcom .
 A person throws a sandwich in the entryway . A person laughs at the sandwich and grabs a phone on the ground .
 A person sneezes onto a glass and a stack of dishes . The person looks around coyly then smiles .
 Person and dog in a living room standing near each other . Person runs out of room and the dog follows out of scene .
 A person pulls items of their wardrobe from the pantry where they 've been insanely storing them . They dress and undress the same sweater , and finally pick up a pillow , also stored in their pantry . They walk away , eating the corner of the pillow .
 A person runs into the kitchen in front of an open cupboard , and pulls out a bag of chips . The person eats some of the snacks , places a hand in their pocket and pulls out a cell phone and looks at it .
 A person is cooking on a stove making a sandwich they open their laptop and work on it then they use the spatula to turn the sandwich .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror while holding a pair of sandals , and they sneeze , and then they slip their feet into the sandals .
 A person is sitting on a sofa and playing a game on a laptop . They pick up a glass bowl from the end table and start eating potato chips .
 The person opens the refrigerator door and places items from a bag onto the shelves then wads up the bag before closing the door .
 A person is vlogging themselves with a camera phone , smiling and snuggling a towel .
 Person one is sitting on the couch in the living room playing on their phone . Person two is holding a book , and places it into a cabinet shutting the door , and then leaving the room .
 A person walks into their laundry room holding a vacuum and a pile of clothes . They put them in a basket and run out of the room .
 The person is sitting down and putting on a sweater . Another person moves the first person out of the way . The first person gets up to move out of the way . The second person places a glass item on the shelf .
 A person stands atop the stairs , watching something out the window . The person takes a picture with their camera , then leaves .
 A person is standing by a cabinet in the pantry . Another person is watching a video on their phone and laughing .
 A person in the kitchen looks at the stove , then puts a pillow into a grocery bag .
 A person sits on a chair and takes a pillow . They lay their head on a desk . They hold the pillow in their arms , stand up , and puts the pillow down .
 The person is standing up and sits down on the bed . The person picks up a pillow and holds it . The person picks up a phone and texts . The person puts the phone down .
 A person walks into the front door , takes off their bag , shuts the door and takes their shoes off . That same person then goes into the bathroom , washes their hands and dries them on a towel . Then that person goes and lays down on a sofa .
 A person is holding a bag and is standing behind a young person . The younger person is holding a notebook , wearing a blanket as a cape , and is stirring a pot on the stove .
 A person walks into a room and looks a picture . The person picks up a blanket , and takes the picture down from the wall .
 A person is cooking on the stove when another person walks through the door way and comes over to the first person and plays with a phone .
 A person is standing in the living room , holding a bag of food . The person removes a food item and begins eating it .
 A person is playing with a doorknob while another person is laughing in a doorway .
 Two people are sitting on the stairs one is eating a sandwich while the other is holding a cup and pouring something into the cup .
 The person sits on the bed and takes off their shoes . They get up and walk to the table for a glass of water and sit on the computer and starts playing a game .
 A person is picking a book up off the table and reading it . The person sets the book back down and walks over to a mirror and looks at their reflection in it .
 A person is pouring food into a dish that came from a set of dishes , while also holding the dish and sitting at a desk or table .
 A person walks into a room with a bag and puts it on a chair . The person pulls some things out of the bag and puts them into another room .
 The person runs through the living room and throws a laptop on the couch and runs into the wall by the front door .
 A person enters a bathroom and sneezes while looking into the mirror , and then picks up a small bottle and puts it into a bag they have over their shoulder , and they then leave the bathroom .
 A person is fixing their washing machine . The person takes a book off the shelf and reads it for instructions . The person puts the book down and picks up a cup of coffee , takes a sip , and smiles .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror while eating . They sneeze then leave the room through a doorway .
 A person was putting food away on shelves . They put away the coffee and medicine on the top shelf .
 A person brings a chair into a hallway . This person then stands on the chair to position a picture on the wall .
 A person is holding a bag of groceries . Then , turning the light on and sitting in a chair , the person begins putting the groceries in the lower cabinet .
 A person runs to the doorway of the pantry . They pause , holding the doorway as they sneeze , before picking up a bag of food and leaving .
 Person walks in room , opens curtain and window . Then looks out window and opens arm . Then walks over to shelf , picks up clear bag and put things in it .
 A person is laying on the floor holding a bag . They stand up and pull a shirt out of the bag then put it on .
 A person walks towards a closet with two doors , opens the closet and retrieves a pink children 's laptop from inside .
 A person is washing their window and laughing . They are also drinking coffee .
 A person is in the kitchen , they grab a glass and begin to pour soda into the glass and then have a seat .
 A man takes off his shirt . He puts it down , a pillow falls and he picks it up and puts it on the bed . He looks in a mirror and fixes his hair . Scratches his arm and poses in front of the mirror .
 A person is tidying up shoes on a shelf . The person is rearranging the pairs of shoes . The person walks away , opens a door , goes through it , and closes it behind them .
 A person runs through the front door and goes straight through the living room with clothes in the person 's hand .
 A person is walking across the entryway to retrieve a broom from the closet . After grabbing it , the person sits down in a chair and taps the broom against the floor before getting up and putting it away in the same closet .
 A person closes a box in the basement . A person sits in a chair and laughs at the closed box .
 A person is sitting on the bathroom floor on a pillow working on the doorknob they then stand up and leave the room .
 A person stands in a closet , holding a phone , and takes off his sweatshirt and t shirt .
 A person putting the homework on the table next to the bed . Then the person goes running towards another person at the mirror who is laughing .
 A person is fixing a tv in a garage when they stand up and grab a broom
 The person in the man cave is snuggling with a blanket because the person is cold . The laptop is lying next to the person on the table .
 A person fixes their hair in a mirror . The person puts the mirror down then takes off their jacket . Next the person picks up a mug and drinks from it .
 A person is lying in the dining room floor eating a sandwich that is placed in a dish . Then the person starts smiling randomly .
 A person is standing in the room holding a blanket . The person puts the blanket into the washing machine and closes it , then picks up a glass of water from the shelf .
 A person opens a cabinet and takes a cloth out . The person then throws the cloth . The person then takes another cloth out of the cabinet and throws it as well .
 A person carrying some blankets walks down steps where another person is sitting and sweeping , and the person puts the blankets on the ground .
 Person push a chair to another location but a bag on the shoulder then go over and straighten bed .
 A person is covered in a blanket and sleeping in a chair they wake up and grab a plate of food and start eating .
 A person is eating some food , they then drink some coffee and begin washing the glass out in the sink .
 A person is fixing a wardrobe doorknob . They then open the closet and throw shoes inside .
 A person is putting away the groceries and another person is washing the glass .
 A person is opening their medicine cabinet and taking a picture then they sneeze as they close the medicine cabinet .
 A person opens a cabinet , takes out clothes , walks through a doorway then throws the clothes on the floor .
 A person is in a laundry room playing with a box , they then laugh as they put a towel in it and close it .
 A person is sitting in a chair putting on their shoes . Afterwards , the person washes their hands with water , gets up from the chair , and walks out through the doorway .
 Person # 1 opens the front door . Person # 2 is on the other side with a football . They throw the ball to person # 2 who catches it .
 A person is cooking some food . The person is tasting the food . The person then opens the fridge and takes some milk from the fridge and closes the door .
 A person is in a office tidying up with a vacuum , they then take their homework and place it into a bag .
 A person is standing in the pantry holding a broom . They pick up the coffee from the shelf and sneeze before laughing about it .
 Person is standing while looking at their phone . Another person rubs their own body and slightly closes a door .
 A person is using a towel and cleaning a mirror . A person is cleaning a door knob .
 One person is leaving the area eating food , while another is tidying up books and pictures on a small table .
 A person leans against a door . The person picks up a broom and twirls it in their hands .
 The person is jogging around in front of another person before running into a close , while the other person is holding up a phone and making faces .
 A person sits in a chair next to a table . They are playing with a pillow by tossing it in the air repeatedly . They stop and pick up a cup of coffee from the table and drink it .
 A person is dressing in their bedroom . They throw their pajamas in the hamper . The person puts on their shoes , grabs , their phone , and leaves .
 A guy goes to the door while holding a broom in his hand , looks out the door window , and sticks the broom out the door and shakes it off .
 A person walks into a room , sits down on a couch and unpacks a box . Then the person leaves .
 A person is sitting on a set of stairs holding a box of crackers and a cup of water . The person is smiling as they drink from the cup .
 A person undressing in the living room holds on to the clothes they 've just taken off as they sit down on the floor . Holding their phone , they wave at an unseen person through a doorway , and start playing a game on their phone .
 A person gets out various kinds of snacks like chips . Then the person puts a towel around themself and sits there .
 A person grasping a pillow walks over to a bed and begins to tidy the blanket on the bed .
 Two people in the bedroom one sitting on the bed eating food , the second one at window bend down and cleaning the window with a cloth in the hand .
 A person is smiling , while fiddling with a Camera . They kick their shoes off , throwing them across the floor .
 A person is sitting on the sofa and awakens from sleep . The person begins laughing when they look down at their phone .
 A person sweeps a bathroom with a broom . They pause for a second and look out the window . They open the bathroom window . They take a dustpan , gather the debris , open a small plastic trash bin and dump the debris in the bin .
 A person is working on their laptop in the kitchen . They turn to do something with the sink then they pick up a vacuum .
 A person is sitting in a chair , snuggling with a towel . The person is also eating some food .
 A person on the stairs holding a plate of food and a laptop . The person puts everything down and starts tidying up the stairs before leaving the house .
 A person walks into a room holding a book , puts it down and sits on a couch . Then they get up and grab a rag and start wiping down a table . They move a cup out of the way .
 A person opens a closet door , puts a broom into the closet , closes the door and then walks away .
 Person moving books from one shelf to another trying to arrange stuff on the bookshelf .
 Two people enter a house at the same time and one person stands in front of a mirror and primps while the other person stands behind that person .
 A person closes the door in the entryway of a house and walks over to a dining table and sits down and begins eating something from a large pot .
 A man opens a door and enters a room while another man approaches the door and closes it . The first man sits on the edges of a bed to speak to the second man .
 Someone walks through the hallway and removes their jacket and hat and places them on a chair . He walks off into a door in the hallway .
 A person is drinking water out of a glass while standing in a walk-in closet . They are watching a show on their phone .
 A person is holding a broom and tidying up the room . They grab a box and put it on a shelf .
 person sits in a chair in front of a desk puts slippers on and is laughing
 In the home office a person is standing with a broom between their legs and a blanket tied around their shoulders . Another person holding a sandwich starts laughing at first person .
 A person is pouring water into a glass . Then , laughing , the person walks to the table and sits down .
 A person leans against a stove as they drink a cup of coffee . Another person takes groceries from a bag and places them on a shelf in a cabinet .
 A person is standing on the stairs opening and looking through various boxes . The person then balls up a towel and throws it down the stairs and then walks down the stairs .
 The person on the floor was eating while sitting , while the person standing in the back was adjusting his clothes
 A person is sitting on a chair watching tv they then get up and drink coffee while going up the stairs .
 The person takes a drink from the shelf and drinks it , then takes a book from the shelf and flips through the pages before taking another book from the shelf and walking away .
 In a hallway , a person drinks from a glass and then holds a a phone to the person 's ear .
 The person Removes two jackets , and places them on a chair one by one while standing in a doorway .
 Sitting in the dining room with the lights dimmed , the person began pouring a glass of milk . The visibility in the room was too low , and the person spilled the milk all over their clothes . They picked up a towel from the dining room table , and started dabbing the milk off of their shirt .
 A person runs into the room holding a bag of groceries . They put them down on a chair , look at the laptop for a second then walk out of the room .
 A person is fixing coffee and taking groceries out of the cupboard in the kitchen .
 A person awakens from a nap from the loud noise of the television . The person gets up and turns the television off . The person begins to sneeze and then reaches for a box of tissue on top of a coffee table
 In the kitchen , a person is sitting down by the door . They stand up and start carefully leaving some dishes in the sink , and then walk toward a table .
 A person is reading a book on the couch . They are covered with a blanket and they 're drinking a glass of water .
 Person holding a mobile phone sits down on a couch next to another person who is holding a pillow and starts to fiddle with the phone
 A person turns on a light and looks into a mirror . The person turns off the light then puts their shoes on .
 A person sits down on a sofa and takes a drink from a glass . The person places the glass on a coffee table and begins to watch television while smiling and laughing . The person then stands up and walks across the room .
 A person stands in the doorway , wrapped in a blanket . The person sits down , drinking a glass of orange juice .
 A person puts their dish on the table , then sits down and covers themselves with a blanket .
 A laughing person has a blanket wrapped around their shoulders . The person sits a glass and a sandwich down on the desk . The person picks up the glass and drinks from it .
 A person is walking down the hallway holding a broom . The person picks up a towel off the floor , opens a closet door , puts the towel in the closet , and closes the door .
 Person is eating while sitting on the couch . Person then picks up a book and a few moments later laughs . Person then pulls a blanket up over their lap .
 A person is sitting while drinking medicine . They put the medicine on a shelf and sneeze .
 A person is standing by a window sipping on coffee while looking outside .
 A person sitting in a chair eating something , The person drops something on the floor and then gets up , put the plate on a table and grabs a broom to clean the food up .
 A person is running into the garage . The person is holding homework , a book and a backpack .
 A person is grasping a pile of clothes . They set them down , pick up a blanket , and sneeze .
 A person is tidying up the garage by putting up some towels . A second person enters the doorway to hand the person a drink . The first person drinks from the glass as they walk out of the garage through the same doorway .
 A person looks at a mirror on the wall while smiling then another person begins tidying up a bed .
 A person is smiling as they put clothes into the dryer . The person grabs a stack of homework and goes to leave , but trips over a broom on their way out .
 The is holding a glass of water . The person sits down and takes a few sips of water . The person then pours the rest of the water into a pot of plant and places the cup on the desk . The person gets up and picks up some clothing from the ground and walks out .
 A person is standing in a bathroom . The person walks over to the window to look out it , then walk back to where the person was standing before . The person puts on a shirt .
 A person in the closet is smiling and sitting in a chair while dressing and reading a book .
 A person is standing in the hallway , laughing as they eat a sandwich . The person finishes the sandwich and wipes their mouth with a paper towel .
 A person is throwing items off the stairs like blankets and then picks up a broom on the way down .
 A young woman standing and holding a glass and a measuring cup and sneezing several times .
 Person A is in a study tidying some pictures on a shelf . Person B turns the doorknob and comes into the room with some groceries . Person A helps Person B with groceries and Person B lies down on a nearby sofa .
 A person sitting on a stool in their laundry room reads their homework .
 Person coming int the kitchen up to the stove while hugging a pillow , and then puts the pillow down on the floor to start stirring some food on the stove .
 A person is standing in the kitchen drinking out of a glass and eating a sandwich . He walks over to the window and looks out of it .
 A person holds a broom in a bathroom while another person tosses clothes individually on the floor .
 A person is walking through the doorway as a person is taking a bag of groceries over to the window .
 A person lies on a sofa in the living room , laughing as they watch television . The person pours a drink into their glass , and takes a bite of their sandwich .
 A person is picking objects up off their garage floor and putting them in a box , then they vacuum the floor .
 A person walks to a stand and opens a door , the person starts looking though the stand for a something and pulls out a paper.The person takes takes the paper and puts a wrap on their hand .
 A person is sitting at a desk and opens a drawer . The person takes out a camera and takes a picture of something through the doorway .
 A person is throwing their homework on the ground , then the person starts playing with a pillow .
 The person walks down a hallway while eating a sandwich , then opens a closet and pulls out a pair of shoes before walking away .
 A person walks into the room carrying a blanket . He drapes it over the back of his chair before he sits at his desk and begins to work on his laptop computer .
 There is a person sitting at a table with their head down . That same person then wipes off the table with a towel and starts to take off their shirt .
 The person takes a pair of sandals from a chair and places the sandals in a closet . The person picks up the chair , opens the door to another room and places the chair in it .
 A person stands at a stove cooking some food . They grab a bottle of oil , pour some into a pot and then put it back down . They take a glass of water from the counter and drink it .
 A person goes to the refrigerator and opens it . The person takes some items out and puts them on the counter . The person closes the refrigerator then takes an item off a shelf and puts it on the counter also .
 A person is tidying up a laundry room by sweeping the floor , when they are done they smile and place the broom against the doorknob . After they bend down to tie their shoe .
 A person is sitting on a couch and tidying up some clothes . The person is also eating . Another person is crouching on the floor using a vacuum .
 A person walked down a flight of stairs , set a laptop computer down on a table , walked through a hallway to a bathroom and washed hands in water running from a faucet .
 Person runs to table , grabs coffee drinks it and then grabs book of table and runs to look outside window .
 The person is slowly walking forward . They pick up a green bag and reach for something in the bag . They take things from the bag and put them on the floor .
 A person is sitting at a table , looking through a book ( homework ) . The person then picks up a camera from the table and takes a picture , smiling . There is also a glass of water on the table next to the person .
 A person is sitting at a desk typing on a laptop . They pick up a bottle of medicine , open it , pour some out and walk away .
 One person throws some shoes in the corner , then tidies up some clothes on the floor and smiles .
 A person lays down on a bed . The animal sitting on the bed climbs on the person . The person gets off the bed , pushes a chair out of the way . The person stands smiling , leaning on a chest of drawers .
 Two persons are running up and down the hallway . One person runs in a room and closes the door before the second person can get there . The second person runs into the door and the first person opens the door and laughs at the second person .
 A person sitting at a table fixes a laptop . The person drinks from a coffee cup and sets it back on the table .
 A person is standing in a kitchen , holding a mug . The person is picking up food from a bowl and tossing it , and sipping from the mug .
 One person is eating a sandwich and talking on a phone while another person moves dishes around while cleaning a table .
 A person is reading a book in the bathroom . The person closes the book and puts it down next to the sink . The person picks up a glass of water and takes a sip , then lies down on the floor .
 A person is holding a bag and they unzip it . They start to remove items of clothing from the bag and throw them into a box that is sitting on the floor .
 A person holding a blanket opens a kitchen cabinet . They look inside it , walk away , and begin sitting in a chair .
 PERSON WALKS IN WITH A TOWEL , SITS DOWN AND PICKS UP SHOES OFF THE FLOOR AND STARTS CLEANING THEM UP , AFTER THE PERSON IS DONE THE PERSON STANDS UP AND WALKS OFF
 A person is sitting against a wall on some steps while reading a book . The person picks up a cell phone and looks at it and then places it on one of the steps . The person then picks up a glass of water , takes a drink and sets it back down onto the step .
 A person sits in a chair , gets up , and places a picture frame on the wall before walking away out of the cameras range .
 A person sits down at a table near a laptop . The person opens some yogurt and eats it . The person drinks some water from a glass and then stands up .
 A person standing in the kitchen bends over to remove their shoes and then opens a cupboard and turns on the oven . They stir the food in the pot on the stove with a spatula .
 One person was eating near the shelf . THe other was sneezing into a blanket .
 A person walks back and forth in their kitchen reading a small paperback book . Their phone rings and they stand still while looking at it for a second . They hesitantly answer , have a brief chat and then leave the room .
 A person is shaking their head while they sit in front of their computer . They have a towel around their neck that they play with . They rock back and forth .
 A person is lying down in their basement while drinking some water from a glass that they found on a table . They are dressing by putting on a jacket , and then look at a picture that is on the desk .
 The person in a green shirt stands in a room while completely emptying the backpack of clothes , and dropping the clothes on a chair .
 A person is smiling and holding laundry . They shake out two pieces and thrown them on the bed and then wipe their face with a towel and throw it on the bed . They continue throwing the rest of the laundry on the bed .
 A person walks in the room carrying some dishes . They place the dishes on a table and sit down in the chair . Then they pick up a glass , pour water in it and take a drink .
 The person is eating a banana while trying to turn on the Television . He eventually turns on the television
 A person in the bathroom is washing a glass in the sink . There is a bag lying on a chair in the bathroom .
 A person is laying on a bed with a blanket and pillow then gets up and starts folding clothes next to a shelf .
 A person walking with a box in one hand while throwing a sandwich
 A person is taking a picture of something . The person is also holding a bottle of liquid . The person is then drinking the liquid .
 A person runs into the living room through the doorway , smiling . The person opens the window , sneezes , then closes the window .
 A person closes the door in the entryway , and laughs at a picture , while holding groceries .
 A person is smiling and adjusting the camera while someone else is cleaning something in the background .
 A person lying on the sofa grabs a bag and puts it on the floor . The person sits up and takes a drink of coffee .
 A person runs around the house , touching a door while doing so . The person then runs to a table , sits down in a chair , then looks at themself through a mirror .
 The person is standing in the bathroom while holding a broom , tapping it on the floor , looking in a mirror while taking off their jacket and wadding it up .
 The person cleans a desk , computer , and chair with a towel . The person puts the towel down . Then the person picks up a bottle of water and drinks some water . The person turns out the lights .
 The person came down a hall holding many bags of groceries . They were grasping the bags with both hands , but the bags were too heavy and the person had to set them down on a chair .
 The person is laying in bed with a book grasped between their two hands . They leaf through the book uninterested for a few seconds . Finally , giving up , they throw the book on the floor and then turn off the light on the bedside table .
 A person is standing in the garage , looking for something on a shelf . Another person walks through the doorway , playing a game on their phone .
 Person in bedroom , sitting on bed , puts on sweater and then gets up and starts to tidy up room by picking up dishes and folding blanket .
 A person grasps the doorknob to a closet and opens the door . The person opens a box in the closet and removes a towel . The person finds the towel very soft . The person holds the towel close to their face and snuggles it .
 A person is standing in a bedroom , gets undressed then sits on the bed and begins to eat .
 A person in the dining room is dressing by putting a jacket on . They begin drinking from a glass of water . Afterwards , they take a towel and wrap it around their phone .
 A person moves a chair to the other end of the room and then stands on it and fixes a light . Another person is laying on a couch talking on the phone .
 A person walks around a room carrying a piece of cloth . The person tosses the cloth onto a sofa and picks up a broom . The person walks around sweeping with the broom and swinging it .
 A person is sitting at a desk writing in a book . That same person closes the book and then pours some water in a cup . The person then opens some medicine and takes it with the water .
 A person is standing and holding shoes while laughing and then throwing clothes and a towel into a washer in the laundry .
 There is a person sitting on a bed holding a blanket who is playing with first the shirt on the persons back then with clothes that are hanging on hangers in a closet .
 A person laying in bed pulls a blanket over themselves then takes their arms out to put something into a bag .
 A person walks into a bedroom holding a plate of food laughing , and standing at the foot of the bed with a cat on it .
 A person is lying in the closet holding a box . The person pulls a towel out of the box and closes the box . The person puts the towel on top of the wardrobe and sneezes .
 A person is looking out a window while holding their phone , they then sit in a chair and begin smiling and playing a game on their phone
 A person is lying on a bed . A person gets up and carries a laptop down a hallway .
 A person closes a door and is working on the doorknob of that door , which appears to be at the entryway of a house but it 's hard to tell .
 The person walks into the closet and sits down . They grab an sandwich off the shelf and eat it , then drink a glass of water .
 A person pushes a chair into a pantry while holding a picture . The person climbs on the chair and takes an item down from a shelf . The person steps down from the chair and places the item on the counter .
 A person is holding a phone and grasps a doorknob and another person with food in their walks with the first person through the door .
 Person sitting in study watching television is sipping from a glass . Person uses towel to wipe water up before putting glass back down .
 A person sits in a chair at a desk crumpling paper and throwing it on the floor or in a garbage bin under the desk .
 A person closes a door while holding a sawich . The person walks to the bed and sits on it next to a laptop . The person holds a juice box and eats the sandwich .
 A person tidies up items in a wardrobe cabinet . The person walks to the kitchen sink and begins washing some dishes .
 A person is sitting on a sofa and takes a picture of theirself with a black camera . Then they hold up a glass of water , smile , and take a drink before setting the can back down . Then the person continues to look at the camera .
 A person is standing in the middle of the room running their fingers through their hair . Then they pick up a pillow .
 A person walks into the bathroom , eating a sandwich , and opens the window . The person takes out their phone and takes a picture of something outside .
 A couple of people in a room , one person is sitting on the floor fixing food.The other person is sitting in a chair waiting television and eating food .
 A person is throwing a pillow onto a chair . Then a person is running towards a blanket .
 A person is holding a something and walks into a room and closes the door . They put the thing on a table and walk off camera .
 A person in their recreation room is fixing their clothes because they look a little messy . They start dressing by putting a jacket on . Afterwards , they take a pillow and a blanket and place it onto a table .
 A person is holding clothes and standing at a doorway , they are also holding shoes .
 A person is watching a camera , and then open a mobile , then suddenly another person comes running and removes his sweater and tell something to first person .
 A person looks in the mirror and fixes the hair on the head . Another person runs across the room with shoes .
 A person walks through a doorway and halfway down the stairs . They stop , turn around and come back up the stairs carrying a bag with a book in their hand .
 A person sits down on a chair and takes some medicine . The person then drinks some water .
 A person is pouring themselves a glass of water and then they begin drinking from that glass of water . After they finish , they pick up two items on the floor ; some shoes and a broom .
 A person is sneezing while looking at themselves in a mirror then picks up a laptop and walks out of the room .
 A smiling person sweeps the hallway with a broom , then they run through the doorway .
 A person is drinking from a cup . The person sneezes . The person sits the cup on the stove .
 A person is tidying up the bathroom sink . A cell phone sits on the edge of the sink as they tidy . They finish , grasp their phone , and leave the room .
 A person is washing clothes in a laundry room . The person takes a dryer sheet out of a box . The person holds the dryer sheet and then drops it on the floor . The person uses a broom to sweep it up .
 A person sits on a pillow in the laundry room , putting a condiment onto a sandwich . When finished , the person takes a bite .
 person holds a tovel and stands next to the sofa with tovel wrapper around waist . another person sleeping on the sofa watches the dog comming over him
 A person is holding a box then closing the box and holding onto a doorknob then walking away .
 A person is walking over to the bed . The person picks up a book and opens it , watching out the window as the person does so .
 A person is sitting on the stairs looking at a laptop . They take of their shoes and put them on the floor . They type while smiling before closing the laptop and coughing .
 A person is cleans the dishes off of the table . After the table is cleaned off , they begin to vacuum it with a small handheld vacuum .
 A person picks up a bag off the floor and leaves the room , returning to access the shelf and cabinet .
 A person comes in to a room and grabs clothes off of a drier and leaves the room . The person returns and walks back across the room .
 A person is sitting and snuggling with a blanket . Another person is walking around the room and is using a vacuum .
 One person is sitting undressing , taking off shoes , when another person runs in with a broom and a pillow .
 Person sitting on couch reading book , puts book down , grabs blanket , snuggles with it , lays head on couch , animal licks person face , person looks at animal .
 A person is laying in bed sleeping . They awaken , get out of bed , and pick up their phone from the closet shelf .
 A person carrying a yellow box walks into a room . The person appears to laugh . The person places the box on a ledge , then immediately picks it up and walks away .
 A person is standing in the shower talking on the phone . Using one hand to talk and the other to tidy up a shelf , the person finally turns and looks at a small mirror .
 A person standing drinking a glass of water then smiles at the sandwich they have in their other hand .
 A person is in an entryway in their home , working at a desk on some homework . They start eating some food while drinking some coffee .
 A person is sneezing as the person stands in front of the refrigerator . Then , taking a book from the table , the person sits on the sofa and begins watching TV .
 A person is putting on a shirt in front of the mirror . The person then takes the towel off , just as another person runs through the room and through an open doorway .
 A person is trying to fix something in their garage , they finish and walk over to their toolbox . They open up the toolbox to put the tool away , but drop the tool , instead of picking it up they close the drawer , stand up and walk away .
 A person in bed wakes up . They get out from the blanket , begin dressing and stand up .
 The person turned on the light in the pantry . The person took a broom from the pantry and swept the kitchen floor . They put the broom back away , shut the door and turned the light back off .
 A person is standing on stairs buttoning up his shirt and fixing his clothes . Another person is sitting on the steps typing on a laptop .
 A person is exercising in front of their desk while they watch television . They pick up some homework and hold it in their hands before putting it back down and stretching in front of their bed while they look out the window .
 The person walks in the room and puts a banana on the pillow and then climbs on the bed then leans up against the window and sits indian style and falls asleep .
 A person puts a bottle of water in a bag on the sink . The person then washes their hands in the sink .
 A person is running into a kitchen while holding dishes . Then a person is putting the dishes down near a vaccuum in the kitchen .
 A person walks across a living room to the corner and picks up a broom . The person carries the broom back to the middle of the room and picks up a pair of shoes off the floor .
 A person tries to put a lightbulb in a fixture . The light turns on and the person throws some bread on the floor .
 Person enters the room , opens a drawer then closes it , opens a container on the table , closes it and places it back on the table then leaves the room .
 A person is sneezing and undressing , then taking detergent off shelf and pouring it into a washer and finally cleaning a glass in a laundry room .
 A person is fixing a laptop while sitting on the stairs , while another person stands in the doorway in the distance .
 A person sitting in a chair drinking coffee and throwing cloths down the stair.The person does this several times .
 A person is in the middle of the room with a cup of coffee . They open the refrigerator and start eating something they find there , then go to the stove to start cooking .
 PERSON WALKS IN ROOM HOLDING SOMETHING , THE PERSON PUTS THE OBJECT DOWN AND WALKS TO WINDOW ANS SHUTS THE WINDOW
 A person turns on a light and steps up to a sink.The person wipes the mirror down with a cloth.Another person sitting on a sofa gets up and picks up a blanket and walks across the room .
 A person in the dining room walks to the refrigerator laughing . Then he opens up a bag of groceries that are sitting on the table .
 A person is reading a book in the laundry room . The person takes a pillow from the shelf and lies down on the floor , continuing to read .
 A person is typing on a laptop , another person come in and opens a book on the desk . The second person and the first person both start pointing at the computer screen .
 The person turned on the light in the bathroom . They began their cleaning routine by taking the garbage out from under the sink . The person then took out a broom from the closet , and swept the floor . After throwing the garbage bag by the door , the person washed their hands .
 Person picks up blanket and throws it in a different spot , adjusts a picture on the wall , then walks over to coffee table to adjust it just right , cleaning up
 A person walks in the room and closes the door . That person removes a headband and a shirt . That same person the puts on a different shirt and leaves the room closing the door behind them .
 A person goes jogging through a doorway carrying what seems to be a mug and a bag of food , eventually running out of frame .
 A person drinking water out of a glass straighten their hair , places the glass on the table , the person steps forward turns on a light .The person steps back to the table and picks up a phone , looks at the phone and places it back on the table .
 A person working with a laptop on a washing machine , takes a book off of a shelf and turns to leave . The person turns the doorknob , leaves , then closes the door behind him .
 a person sitting on the toilet repeatedly takes a bite of food , then sips water , and repeats the process until he is finished with both and moves away .
 Person lying in bed sneezing over and over again into elbow and wiping nose with arm and hand .
 The person takes an object from a counter top and begins to run water over the object and washes hands .
 A person is standing at the window and watching outside . They take a photograph through the window using a camera .
 The person is holding the doorknob and closes the door . They start undressing and throw their hat in a box .
 Person is standing seamlessly just holding and staring at the cellphone for a brief moment . Person then smiles and laughs at cellphone and then stares at the camera .
 A person working in their recreation room snuggles a stuffed animal . They stretch their arms , and get up . Tidying the area around them , they pick up some dishes , one with part of a sandwich , and head out of the room .
 A person puts the towel the person was holding into the washing machine . The person lays the cell phone the person had been holding onto the window ledge .
 A person sits down on the table and opens their laptop and puts it on their lap . They decide to watch television but the remote is on on the dining table , so they get up and walk to the table to get the remote .
 A person is moving the blinds to look out the window . The person is holding a bag of chips , a glass , and something I can not identify . The person uses the something to move the blinds .
 A person is looking at their phone and drinking a beverage . Another person walks in , still pulling on some of their clothes and dressing themselves .
 By the doorway , one person is sitting and laughing while trying to open medicine from a bag .
 A person walks up to a desk and picks up a book and flips through it , looks towards the camera and shakes their head and proceeds to walk away . Another person is sitting at the kitchen table .
 A person is sitting on the couch eating a sandwich . The person puts the sandwich on the coffee table and sneezes , then laughs and walks to the mirror to check their teeth .
 A person opens the front door that leads outside , and holds a camera . The person closes the door and then wipes the door down with a pink rag , eventually sitting in a chair .
 One person opens a box , then sneezes and takes a picture and a book out of the box .
 A person is sitting in the recreation room drinking juice as watch television . They start sneezing and as soon as they stop they walk over to a table and pick up some medicine and take it .
 A person is in the doorway grasping a pile of clothes , while another person is snuggling a towel fresh from the laundry .
 The person is sitting in a chair looking out a window then stands up and reaches up to adjust the fixture and then walks over to a chair straightens out the back and then adjusts the pillow and then walks over to an ottoman and adjusts it and puts a statue on it then walks over to the couch and dusts out a pillow and then moves another pillow to the end of the couch the reaches down and picks up a backpack and looks around and smiles .
 A person is sitting on a chair in front of a round table laughing at something on the laptop .
 A person is holding a can and adjusting a chair . The person walks to a door and opens it and peers inside .
 A person is walking into a bedroom with a towel . The person sits down on a bed , stands up and grabs the pillows . The person holds the pillows to their chest , then sets them on the floor while they close the bedroom door .
 A person is looking into a mirror , another person is eating a sandwich and drops it . That person begins laughing .
 A person is sitting on the floor eating while holding a blanket . A person then drinks water , and then begins to clean an item .
 A person is holding the handle of a pan while cooking on the stove . They start walking towards the cabinet and bring out some dishes .
 A person walks into the entryway , holding a bottle of medicine . The person opens the window and throws the bottle out .
 A person is walking around a room carrying a laptop and talking on a phone . The person then puts the laptop on a table , his arm on a chair , and sneezes .
 Person A is playing a game on his phone leaning against the door to the bathroom . Person B is inside the bathroom drinking a medicine .
 The person on the left is working on writing in a notebook . The person on the right squats down and picks up a pair of sneakers , cleans them and puts them back .
 A person is eating a bag of chips and drinking a cup of coffee in the pantry . The person sets down the coffee , grabs a glass of water , and runs out of the room .
 The person paces around the bedroom holding a phone . The person smiles at the phone . The person lies down on the bed .
 a woman is sitting on the couch eating something while a man stands up from the couch , takes a pair of shoes , picks up his shoes and proceeds to take a photo of him with his shoes
 The person wiped their face with the towel as they walked through the room . They reached for the doorknob and realized they were still holding the towel , so they go and put the towel down on the workbench .
 A person gets up off the floor then opens a wardrobe and pulls out a towel and then holds it and rubs it on his face .
 A person is holding a bag and shoes while they run to the door . The person opens the door , steps through the door , and then closes the door .
 A person pours some food into a bowl on the table as they sneeze . Next the person walks to a cabinet and opens it to get medicine out . The person takes the medicine with a drink of water from a cup .
 A person runs around the room holding a broom then lies down on floor , leaning against a cabinet , while staring at the camera .
 An individual enters the foyer of a home , shuts the door , and begins arranging trinkets that line the shelf near the entrance .
 A person is standing in a hallway they open a door and look in then they pick up a box and a piece of paper then they put it back down .
 A person standing in the entryway , peeks out the window . The person opens the door , and picks up a box .
 A person in the kitchen is laughing because the dishes seem to be very dirty and piling up . They pick up a glass and start washing it in the sink .
 A person walks down a hall and takes off their jacket .The person opens a closet door and throws the jacket in and closes the door.The person turns and walks back down the hall .
 This person is standing and watching television . The person is rocking back and forth from laughter . The person then picks up a broom and starts cleaning the floor with it .
 A person is vacuuming and moving a chair . Then the person picks something up off a table and eats it .
 A person is walking down a dirty staircase with a plate of food and a sandwich . The person puts down the plate while still holding the sandwich and picks up bags that are on the staircase .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the pantry looking at their phone . The person smiles at their phone and drinks a glass of water from the shelf .
 A person is washing dishes with a towel and placing them on a table before vacuuming the room .
 A person is laughing while standing in the entryway and looking at a book . The person then begins to adjust their clothes .
 A person is using a broom . After they are finished they leave it in the sink and begin taking some food to bring into another room .
 A person is cooking something on the stove . They use some utensil on the pan . They go to the refrigerator and open it .
 A person walks in a kitchen eating a bag of chips while wrapped in a blanket .
 A person is standing in front of the cabinet . The person selects a piece of food , closes the cabinet door , then eats the food .
 A person is sitting on the couch playing with a laptop . After putting the laptop on the couch , the person picks up a book and snuggles with it on the couch .
 A person sitting on a floor eating fruit from a bowl.The person straightens their hair.Another person enters the room and straightens the drapes turns and starts walk to ward the table .
 A person walks into a room with a dog , sits a cup and a bottle on an end table , turns on a lamp and leaves the room . The dog jumps up on the chair to look at what 's on the table .
 A person closes a window , then picks up a phone from a table to answer it . As they walk up the stairs , they are talking on the phone .
 A person checks them self out in the mirror . They grab shoes and sit on the bed while putting them on .
 A person is standing in the hallway holding a camera and a plate of food . The person takes a picture of themselves with the food .
 A person is lying on the floor doing homework . The person stands up quickly and opens the door .
 A person washes some things in a small sink . The person puts the cups onto a table and pours some water .
 A person is standing in a dining room . Another person walks in with a gymbag . The first person sneezes and the second person drops the gymbag
 There is a person running down a hall and into a room . Once in that room , that person looks at an open laptop on a desk and picks up a pair of shoes off the floor .
 A person stands in the living room and laughs while watching a show on the television . He then leans over to tidy up the shelf .
 A person walks into the bedroom , throwing their shoes in the corner . The person takes a glass from the shelf and pours a drink .
 A person is sitting at the table with some food . They drink from a cup while looking at the light .
 A person is sitting on a bed while holding a sandwich on a plate . They start to pick it up but change their mind and put it back on the plate and then wipe their hands on their pants .
 Someone is sitting on their bed and talking on their phone . At the same time they are also eating something . They get up and look out the window .
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a broom in their hand while sneezing into a box .
 A person talked some items from a shelf , flips through a magazine , and replaces the items .
 As the person walked into the house carrying a bag of groceries , the person put the bag down on a chair and started thinking about cooking dinner .
 A person stands over the stove , cooking food . The person turns on an additional light and smiles .
 A person is sitting on a toilet holding a dish with a sandwich on it , they take the sandwich off , take a bite , then throw the sandwich on the floor .
 A person is putting on some shoes . A person is also dressing . A person is looking at themselves in a mirror and fixing their hair . Finally , the person takes out their phone .
 A person laying on a couch watching tv jumps up walks to the kitchen opens the refrigerator door get juice out and pours a glass of juice .
 A person slid open a door of a closet , arranged some objects , grabbed a framed photo , turned around and left the scene .
 A person enters the laudry room and turns the light on . The person has pillow cases in a basket in their hand . The person then sets the basket down and prepares to wash the pillow cases by pouring detergent in the washer , putting the pillow cases inside , and starting the washer .
 A person is opening a closet door . The person , smiling , then places a blanket on the shelf .
 Someone is removing their jacket and wraps a towel around them and sits on a couch . They then cover themselves with a blanket .
 The person comes into the kitchen holding dishes that are placed on the table then proceeds to get more food from a pantry .
 A person is sitting at a computer desk and playing on their phone . While on the phone , they pick up a sandwich that is sitting on the desk and take a bite . The person then puts the phone down and looks at something on the computer .
 A person lying on a blanket on a bed is laughing while they pound a glass against the blanket . The person then stands and walks away .
 A person standing in a bathroom holding a blanket and smiling while looking into a mirror .
 A person is walking across the room while drinking from a cup and eating food . After walking over to the table , the person takes a bite and chews .
 A person is hanging out in the kitchen making coffee . Another person runs in , takes the coffee off of the shelf , and smiles .
 The person opens door and enters the kitchen . The person places a bag of groceries on the counter . The person then puts away the groceries . The person throws the empty grocery bag in the trash .
 Person walks into the kitchen , pours a cup of coffee , and opens a box of cookies . Person stands , drinks coffee and eats cookies . Person washes coffee mug , closes cookie box , and walks out .
 A person is drinking in front of a mirror . The person appears to pull at the wall that the mirror is on .
 A person walks through the doorway with a glass of water . They look in the mirror . Next , they pick up a phone and look at it , then open a cabinet and put it on the shelf . They walk out of the room holding the glass of water .
 A person is awakening from a nap . A person then walks through a doorway to the refrigerator , to find something to eat .
 A person is sitting in a chair eating a sandwich . Someone walks in and throws something at the person and leaves .
 A person is standing in front of the laundry room eating something from a box , and taking a drink of water from a cup . The person is moving back and forth and smiling .
 A person is sneezing on a picture while a person is awakening in a blanket .
 A person readjusts a blanket . The person the gets up and takes off their shoes then lies back down with the blanket .
 A person is tidying up the laundry room while washing clothes . The person sits on a to chair read a book while waiting for the load to finish .
 A person runs up stairs and then starts to talk to another person holding a towel . The two people talk while the second person places the towel around their neck .
 This person walks into a room , picks up a box and carries i over to another area . Person puts box down and opens it . Looks at something in the box , puts box down and drinks something out a cup . Person then kneels down to look in another box .
 The person is sitting there in front of his laptop sleeping . The person then gets up and grabs the pillow from behind him and tosses it onto the bed and stands up .
 A person is taking their clothes and throwing it on the desk .
 A person is opening a closet while talking on a phone . A person then puts on a shirt . A person then grabs clothes from the floor .
 A person drinks something out of a mug , then mixes some food from a pot . The person taste tests the food that was in the pot .
 A person is opening the bathroom door . Then the person starts grasping at the light .
 A person sitting in a chair at a desk opens a drawer and puts a camera on top of a book sitting on the desk . Another person sitting in a chair at a table takes some food out of a bag of groceries and places it on the table , then eats a sandwich .
 A chair is outside the doorway of the closet , a person is standing in the doorway then starts tidying the clothes on the floor throwing them into a basket a few feet away .
 A person pushes a chair out of the way and then walks to a window which they look out of . They begin to sneeze .
 A person is tidying their living room when they begin to sneeze . Their friend brings this person medicine from the shelf .
 A person is standing , putting dishes onto a shelf . Then they sneeze .
 Person has bag in hand , opens fridge takes beer out of bag , places beer in fridge , tidies fridge then closes fridge .
 A person in the dining room is walking around while holding a pillow in their hand . They put the pillow down , drink a glass of coffee , and then start undressing by taking their jacket off .
 A person is tidying up a door way then looking at their phone while another person walks through the doorway .
 The person walked to the refrigerator opened the door , get something out holding to the thing adjusted eye glasses .
 A person sits on a sofa next to a pillow working on a laptop . They put the laptop on the pillow , stand up and walk away .
 A person is in the garage tidying up with a broom . They notice a bag lying on the floor , pick it up and put it in a box .
 A person standing at the door , reaches into their pocket and takes out a camera . While holding the camera , the child appears picks up a sandwich and takes a bite .
 A WOMAN IS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING IN THE CLOSET . THE PERSON THEN TAKES A WIPE OUT AND STARTS TO CLEAN THE SINK AREA IN THE BATHROOM .
 A person is walking into the kitchen , they then take some food from the cabinet and close the cabinet .
 A person screws a lightbulb into a socket over their head above a doorway . They turn on the light and exit their house through the back door .
 A person standing in a kitchen sneezes , then picks up a mirror and looks at himself , then walks to the door of the room and closes it , then walks back into the room and takes a drink from a glass .
 A person is eating some food in the kitchen . They are sitting on the chair and then they begin sneezing when they look up at the light .
 A person is standing in the dining room looking in the mirror and plucking their eyebrows . The plucking makes the person sneeze and the person puts the tweezers down on the desk .
 A person in the pantry is drinking a glass of water . They begin laughing because their shoes are missing one of the pair .
 A person stands in a bathroom , reading a book . The person then closes the book , fills a glass with water from the sink , and takes a sip .
 A person is putting a bag of groceries down in the entryway . The person is sneezing and then straightens a picture on the wall .
 A person is holding a door open but is having a hard time keeping it open . A person is leaving while trying to take a camera and many other things through the door .
 A person sitting in a chair at a desk in front of a computer.The person turns opens a book and writes something down the person leans forward and picks up a drink .
 A person was holding a sandwich . The person had a sandwich as they were on their laptop . The person also drank some water as they watched a funny YouTube video .
 A person runs back and fourth in their garage while holding a box .
 This person is thumbing through a book and puts it on a shelf . Then this person sneezes into his arm .
 One person is sitting by a window snuggling with a phone and another is standing getting dressed into warm clothes .
 A person is sitting in their car in the garage , playing a casual game on their laptop while drinking a bottle of soda . They open their glove compartment for a napkin when they notice a picture they pull out and start to look at intently .
 Person standing by the door with a screwdriver tightening the screws on the doorknob get mad and throw the screwdriver in the chair .
 Person is grasping the laptop and camera as they are eating a sandwich on the stairs .
 Person in the kitchen who begins to cook , puts some oil in the pan and then goes to the cabinet for something to use for cooking .
 A person is standing in the doorway while turning on the light . Then they take some clothes to the cabinet .
 A person leans against something . They take a drink from a cup and then open a book . They sneeze while looking at the book .
 Person enters room with laundry basket , and dumps laundry on bed . The person folds the laundry , turns around and walks to the window , to close it . The person then grabs a book and opens it .
 A person is fixing the door to their pantry . As the person sits in the doorway , they reach for a piece of nearby food and eat it .
 A person laughing in the basement and grasping the frame of the doorway , decides not to leave . Instead , they stand there . In the hand not grasping the doorway frame they 're holding a cup of coffee . Dropped food lies at their feet .
 A person is lying on the bed . A person then gets up and starts to do their homework . A person then has a glass of water for them to drink .
 A person is lying at the bottom of the stairs smiling while picking up dropped groceries and a towel .
 A person pours some water into a can , and then takes a large pot and pours some more things into a cup . The person walks away .
 A person opens the dryer , and grasps a blanket from inside . The person sets the blanket down on a nearby desk .
 A person opens the door to a walk-in closet and stares at the rows of clothes , twisting the doorknob idly while leaning against the door frame . They reach down and pick up dusty pair of shoes off of the floor ; the cloud of dust causes them to begin sneezing . The person sits down on the carpet and puts on the shoes . They stand up and smile at themselves in the mirror , fixing their hair before exiting the room .
 A person is standing by a shelf and grasping his phone off of it .
 A person is snuggling with a towel and then walking near the window in a bathroom .
 A person is laughing as they try to do their homework . The person stands up and stretches , then takes a bag of food from the nearby shelf .
 A person is standing in a room . The person then picked up a broom that was laying on the floor . The person then turned and picked up a book that was laying on a nearby bed . The person then walked out of the room .
 A person was tidying the sink while looking at a picture of somebody smiling
 A person is standing in their closet holding their phone and sneezing . Afterwards , the person pours a glass of wine and drinks it . After putting down the glass and bottle , the person lays down on the floor with a blanket .
 A person turns on the stove and opens a cabinet and gets out a bowl . Then they open a drawer and get out a spoon and stir a pot with it . Then they drop a towel and laugh and pick it up .
 A person in the laundry room holding a phone and smiling . The person begins watching a glass that is on the shelf .
 A person is sitting on the floor reading a book , another person walks by , and a third person is sitting in a chair .
 A person is lying on the ground next to a vacuum cleaner . They awaken and look confused . They take a picture of themselves .
 The person is playing on the stairs with their phone while watching themselves in the mirror .
 A person standing in the bathroom shakes a box . The person sets the box on a counter . The person opens the toilet lid and pours coffee from a cup in to the toilet .
 A person in a closet smiles as they drink their favorite beverage . Taking a book off a shelf above their wardrobe , they grasp it tightly as they turn off the light and exit the closet .
 A person walks into a closet , kneels down to the floor moves/organizes a couple pairs of shoes , and then sits down to open their book and begin to read .
 Person sitting on bed stands up and looks at object before tossing it into a trash can . Person then sits down and takes a drink from a coffee mug .
 A person is getting dressed in the laundry room with clothes taken out of a box . The person finds a blanket in the box and snuggles it .
 A person grasps and opens a book while sitting at a desk . Then this person watches as the doorknob turns .
 A person comes into the room holding a book . The person sits the book down on a small table and puts a jacket on .
 A person is holding a glass . The person then opens a fridge and pours some milk into the glass . The person shuts the fridge and walks over to a table and picks up a book . The person walks out of the room with a book and glass .
 A person walks into a room , picks up a broom and begins tidying the floor . They pick up a chair to sweep the floor , then put it back in place .
 A person is cooking on a stove they open the oven and then they light the burner for the coffee pot .
 A person approaches the bottom of an indoor staircase with a cup of coffee in one hand and two dishes ( a cup and saucer ) in the other . With one foot on the bottom stair and the other still on the floor , the person pours some coffee into the cup and watches it slowly fill up to the brim . The person takes a sip and smiles .
 A person runs into a bedroom and grabs a sandwich off a table . They walk out of the room .
 A person is holding a doorknob while smiling and dancing , another person grabs a pillow and lays down on the floor .
 A person lying on a sofa , yawns and stretches , gets up , sets a blanket aside , and walks away .
 A person carry a laptop walks into the room and opens the refrigerator door . That same person then closes the door , walks over to the stove and puts the laptop on top of it .
 One person is standing watching tv while he is having a conversation with another person . The other person is following along with the conversation as they both sit down to watch tv .
 A person awakens in the hallway with their shoes under their head as a pillow . They stand up and begin running .
 Someone is at the entrance and opens the door and eats something from a bag . They close the door and move a vacuum out of the way .
 A person takes a power vacuum and messes with the nozzle , eventually putting it away . The person takes the trash part and looks inside .
 A person in their home office is working on something by their desk . They start undressing by taking their jacket off . Then take their phone out and start watching a video on their phone .
 A person plays with a glass in their hand as they laugh at the homework in front of them .
 A person cleans a sink . Another person walks into a room while eating from a bowl . The person then lays down on a bed .
 A person is walking around a room drinking coffee , while another person walks around the room and adjusts shoes .
 A person is standing in a hallway holding a phone . They get a snack out of one pocket and then put their phone in the other pocket . They start to eat the snack .
 A person is dressing in front of the mirror . Another person is smiling and watching with a hand grasping the doorknob .
 A man is standing near his washing machine with a broom in his hand . He begins to undress .
 A sneezing person is sitting on a sofa in their living room doing their homework , and watching a video on a laptop .
 A person opens a cabinet in the kitchen , takes some detergent off the shelf and pours it into the sink . They put it back on the shelf , turn on the faucet of water , then cover their mouth and sneeze .
 A person opens up a closet door and closely inspects a vaccum cleaner . After inspecting , the closet is closed up and a small hand held broom is picked up .
 The person took a few step backwards from the camera and stood in the doorway and proceeded to sweep in one spot moving the broom from one hand to the other and then leaned the broom up against the door frame and walked away .
 A person puts a towel in a bag . They open the door , then pick up their bag off the table .
 A person is in a bedroom sitting on a chair , they then start undressing from their clothes before turning off the light .
 A person is sitting in a chair drinking a cup of coffee . The person stands up and turns on the light , waking another person on the bed with their head on a pillow . The person with the coffee laughs .
 A person is sitting in a chair in front of a mirror eating a sandwich they put the sandwich down and start to put on a shirt .
 person stand up on the chair and fix the light properly . got down from the chair , reached the cabinet , closed the door and cleaned the floor .
 watching television in the room , the person holding the book decides to stand up
 A person is sleeping on a bed then wakes up when the light is turned on . They then proceed to grab a broom and sweep the floor before pulling a towel off the door and folding it .
 A person is sleeping on their sofa with a blanket over them . They get up , put the blanket aside , open a bag with some food and set it all on the table before walking away .
 The man pours mountain dew into a glass and drinks it while sitting . The camera then moves to a box .
 A person leaves a bag of groceries on the table in the dining room , grabs a glass of water and starts drinking it in the doorway .
 A person is sitting at the dining room table watching a video on their phone . The person stands while laughing and grabs the dishes from the table . The person walks toward the kitchen , but stops in the doorway to finish the video .
 A person is sitting at a table holding a remote control . They change the TV channel , then put the remote down and start working on homework .
 A person walks through the doorway , smiling . The person quickly takes a tissue from the tissue box and sneezes into it .
 A person is tidying the bathroom and picking up clothes from the floor . They pick up a broom and sweep . They put the broom down and laugh .
 A person is standing and holding something . The person then sets the item down and then sits down and begins to put on a pair of shoes .
 A person takes a coffee mug off a shelf and throws a phone onto the floor .
 A person wipes there face with a towel . They stand in the doorway for a while and then enter the living room .
 A person in their recreation room is running around with a box in their hand . They begin playing with their phone and then use it to take a picture of a bag lying on the ground .
 A person standing in a doorway , with a blanket draped over one arm , puts on a pair of sunglasses and continues to stand in the doorway .
 A person is running down their stairs with a blanket in their left hand . They start taking their shoes off when they reach the bottom of the stairs .
 A person is lying on the floor , snuggling with a broom next to the sink .
 A person is rocking back and forth on the floor with a pillow underneath .
 Someone is sitting on a sofa and using a chair as a table to eat something off of it and then they turn to the side and type on their laptop .
 Person # 1 is playing with a phone sitting on a bench next to person # 2 . They then threw the phone at person # 2 who took the phone and opened the door to walk out of the room .
 A person is laying down under a blanket then they open a medicine bottle close it and open it again .
 A person sits on a chair staring at a phone before they start sneezing and aggressively picking their nose with their fingers .
 A person is sweeping the stairs . This person throws the broom down , picks up a book and walks up the stairs .
 A person turns the doorknob to open the garage door . They bend over to pick up a box , sneeze , and then leave .
 A person is sitting at a desk with their shoes on the desk , watching the computer monitor and drinking a soda . They reach and grab a bag of food off the desk without taking their eyes off the screen .
 A person in the bedroom is undressing by removing their jacket and they put this jacket on a desk . Then , they start throwing a blanket on the ground .
 A person is sitting on the floor in a walk-in closet talking on the phone . The person also opens a bag and takes out medicine and ingests it .
 A person turns the light on in the bathroom holding a camera . Then begin evil laughing .
 A person is on the stairs undressing . They grab their clothes , and a pillow and walk up the stairs .
 A person stands at the doorway of a bathroom and turns on the light while laughing and smiling and then the person enters the bathroom and begins moving things around .
 A person in a bedroom appears to use their phone to film or take a picture of the light fixture on the ceiling .
 A person walks through a doorway . A person picks up a broom . A person puts an item on a shelf . A person sweeps with a broom .
 The person is sitting in a chair wearing a blanket , the person then gets up and walks to a table and bends to pick something up off of the table .
 A person is standing up while working on a laptop . They pick up a cup sitting next to the laptop and begin drinking it .
 A person in their home office is closing their door . They sit down in a chair and start working on their laptop , while grasping a broom in their left hand .
 A person opens the door to the bedroom and stands in front of the wardrobe . The person takes a book from the shelf of the wardrobe .
 A person carries a box into the bathroom . This person sits on the closed toilet , and starts taking things out of the box .
 There is a person laying on the floor with a pillow underneath them . The same person sits up and starts sneezing . That person then grabs a small handheld mirror , looks into it and then stands up and walks way
 A person is holding a towel and a pillow . The person is standing by the washer and puts them inside to start washing them .
 The person is taking a drink of some kind of liquid in a cup and then walks into the bathroom and pours it out and sits the cup on the counter and then the person whips his hands together and then walks back into the laundary room and opens the dryer door .
 A person is lying in a pantry taking pictures of their food with their camera . They are watching the photos the camera takes .
 Person sitting on top of bed closes laptop . Other person walks into room , throws clothing onto bed before walking out of room .
 Person standing near dresser sets object down on top of dresser . Then kneels down , grabs handles , and proceeds to pull on drawer .
 Person standing in a dark room takes their jacket off . Person then turns the lights on and looks into a mirror before looking at the camera .
 A person is sitting on the sofa and smiling . Then the person walks over to a chair and begins sitting in it , fixing their hair as the person does so .
 A person is grasping a camera after taking a picture then snuggling against a warm blanket .
 The person opened the closet door pick a blanket fold it put it back , pick another blanket fold it carry it and walked away .
 A person is running down the stairs while smiling . They pick up their shoes which are by the doorway .
 A person is working on a fixing the hinges on their garage window . They pick up a toolbox from atop a shelf and open it . As they continue working , they sneeze .
 A person is standing on some stairs drinking coffee , they then set the coffee down on a chair and begin to walk up the stairs holding a box . They see a crooked picture on the wall and begin to fix it .
 A person is running into the room to answer the phone . Then , sneezing , the person sits down on the sofa and wraps himself in a blanket .
 A person is sitting in their garage , playing on their laptop . The person puts their laptop away in a cabinet , and then leaves through the doorway .
 A person is sitting at the table eating a sandwich . Then they pour water into another glass .
 One person walks in with a glass and smiles at another person who is eating from a sack of groceries .
 The person walks over to a canister vacuum and walks with it through a doorway .
 A person throws a book at another sitting on a bed . The two of them talk for a little bit while the thrower picks up something off the bed .
 A person walks into a bedroom , takes a pillow off of the bed , and throws the pillow on the floor . The person then stands in front of a table and looks at a cup .
 The person throws their chair to the front of the sink . The person takes their their phone and sits down on the chair and smiles .
 A person walks over to a window and picks up a box and starts looking through the contents of the box .
 A person is grasping a blanket off a table . Then a person is watch clothes fall off the table onto the floor .
 A person is walking with shoes while another person is sneezing on a vacuum .
 One person walks in and opens the window . Another person in the doorway smiles with a bag of groceries in hand .
 A person is taking some clothes from a wardrobe and folding them . The person is then placing the items back into the wardrobe . The person closes the wardrobe and the person walks away .
 A person stands in a hallway while drinking from a mug and eating something . They stand in the hallway for a brief time , then they walk out of the hallway into another room .
 A person walks up to a kitchen sink , washes a glass and then places it on a window sill then walks away .
 A person takes a mug , plays with it , and then puts it back down . The person then gets a vacuum cleaner and begins to vacuum .
 The person is wiping down various objects in a kitchen , doing the cooktop , part of a counter , part of a window . Not a whole lot of vigourous scrubbing , just quick wipes of parts , so my guess is just cleaning up spatters after cooking .
 The person is playing a game of sorts on his phone while watching a basketball game in fast forward on the tv .
 Person walks in room , sits down on couch , touches vacuum and cord , sneezes , picks up object from table , eats it and gets up and walks away .
 A person throws the spoiled food away in the kitchen . A person grabs some food and eats by the window and homework
 A person is sitting in a chair . They stand up , start undressing and open the closet door . The person takes some clothes from the closet and places them on a chair .
 A person has their hair wrapped in a towel while cooking at the stove . They start eating bites out of the pot and then close the lid .
 One person is running down the stairs grasping medicine and another is holding a camera .
 A person walks in , takes a picture from a shelf , then walks out .
 A person is standing in a doorway , staring down the hallway . The person turns off the light , and shuts the door .
 A person grasps their laptop from a shelf , then leaves through a doorway .
 A person sitting in a chair , in front of a desk with a computer . The person then begins cleaning then takes a drink from a bottle of water .
 A person is sweeping the floor . The person starts laughing hysterically and drops the broom . The person leaves the room .
 A person puts a bag on a shelf . Then they walk through the doorway and take their jacket off . They walk back through the doorway and lay the jacket down on the shelf .
 A person is pouring a glass of milk while standing in front of the refrigerator . The set the glass of milk down and look through a cabinet , sneezing .
 A person runs into the room holding a laptop , and dives back-first onto a sofa . The person opens the laptop then takes a drink from a coffee mug on the floor , setting the mug back down before typing on the laptop .
 A person is standing in their bathroom while looking in the mirror . They take off their sweater and put it aside before eating the sandwich they are holding . They look in the mirror and watch themselves eat .
 A smiling person enter their basement drinking milk and holding a phone . They take off their shoes and put them in the sink .
 Person sitting in chair , typing on computer , sneezes , picks up glass , drinks out and place back on floor . Then went back to typing .
 A person in a bathroom watches themselves in a mirror and then open and close the mirror door . Then they wash their hands and dry them on a towel . Then they pick up a bag of groceries on the floor and walk away .
 A person is sitting on a couch and starts sneezing . A second person is standing in front of the couch , sipping from a mug .
 A laughing person is sitting on the stairs playing on their phone . They grab a book , and a broom and leave .
 A guy into the kitchen and opens the refrigerator door . He looks at the groceries , takes out his phone , pushes some buttons , takes a picture of some groceries in the refrigerator , puts his phone back in his pocket , then closes the refrigerator and walks away .
 A person walks into a closet , rummages through the clothing , finds the clothing he is looking for and leaves the closet .
 A person walks through a doorway while using a phone . They then open a refrigerator , take out a beverage and drink .
 A person enters a room and sits on a couch . They take a coffee cup off a table and put it on another table .
 A girl stands in the basement playing with her phone , takes a selfie , then walks out of the room .
 A person walked over to a door while holding a pillow . The person then opened up the door and walked into a closet . The person put the pillow into the closet and walked out of the room . The person then closed the door .
 A person looks at a bag on a chair , pours coffee into a cup and drinks it .
 A person is holding a book . They sit down and start reading and book and begin laughing . They reach the last page and tilt their head back in laughter . The person stands up and puts the book in a box .
 A person is sitting on a chair while doing homework and watching television , then they start to sneeze , get up , and walk out of the room through a door .
 A person sits on the floor of the garage , working on reattaching a doorknob to a door .
 A person is laying on the ground and on a pillow . The person is looking at an opened book . The person then put the book on the ground and stood up.The person then walked away .
 There 's two people standing in a room . One person is standing still looking at a book / magazine and the other is walking back and fourth .
 A person walks into a bedroom and places a bag of groceries on the bed . The person bends down and touches a box that is sitting on the floor .
 Person is standing next to mirror holding box of food then starts laughing .
 A person is sitting in a chair , the person is holding a cup , and grabs their phone off the table . The person sneezes .
 A person is sitting on his bed , first folding a pair of jeans , then a red towel , then finally a white striped blanket .
 A person walks in , sneezing . The person takes a bottle of medicine from the desk , pours some out , and swallows it .
 A person stands in the kitchen in front of the stove cooking and smiling before walking over to the table and picking up a box .
 A person is opening a cupboard in the kitchen . The person takes medicine out of the cabinet , and goes into the next room . A dog is also in the next room .
 A person in the kitchen is eating some food that is on the table . They are watching some video on their phone .
 A person carrying a bag walks up the stairs while another person sits on pillows at the bottom of the stairs and films a video .
 A person is standing in a garage , looking through items stored there . The person picks up a pillow and throws it aside before grabbing a vacuum cleaner .
 A person walks down a few stairs , then places an item on the top step . The person then continues walking down the rest of the staircase before pausing at the bottom to roll up sleeves .
 A person is holding a blanket while standing in a bedroom , and then enters a walk-in closet with the blanket and begins to sneeze while inside the closet .
 A person is running in their living room while holding a bag . They see some food on the table and pause for a bit , then continue to run .
 A person is sitting on the floor . The person is holding and fixing a vacuum . The person then stands up , grabs a broom , and walks out of the room .
 A person sitting on a bed , sneezing and than wiping their nose on a cloth . The person gets up and walks out of the room throw a door leaving the door open .
 A person is holding some shoes and smiling , they then put on the shoes , take a drink from a sink , and grab a mirror and walk out while looking in the mirror .
 A person walks over to a living room end table , leans over , and begins to drink out of a coffee cup , while holding a cell phone .
 The person tidy 's up a shelf . The person then grabs something out of a cupboard and walks over to the sink .
 A person is standing at the kitchen sink reading they lift their leg and turn and talk to someone else while they are standing at the sink .
 A person standing in front of a table in the bedroom washing a box that holds there shoes .
 A person enters the front door carrying a bag . The person walks over to a table where another person is . The people remove items from the bag .
 A person sits in a chair , holding a phone and sneezes several times before grabbing a bag and taking something out of it .
 A person walks into a room and looks at the light while holding a bag and a book . They put the book in a bag .
 A person is smiling as the sweep the bathroom floor with a broom . The person then pours some water out of a cup into the sink .
 A person is vacuuming the floor with a towel on their shoulder , they then smile as they keep vacuuming .
 A person is undressing by grasping and removing some of their clothes and putting the clothes in a bag on their bed .
 A person with a backpack opens the door to enter a living room where another person is watching TV . After standing there for a minute the person continues walking and exits using a different door .
 The person is standing in the kitchen , drinking something from a cup . The person takes some items from a grocery bag on the counter , then wads up the bag .
 A person is sitting in a chair , they then get up and pour some coffee in a glass and leave
 A person is cooking on a stove , they sneeze and reach over and take some medicine off a shelf and drink some .
 A person walks through a door , holding the doorknob firmly . Stunned by the spectacle awaiting on the other side of the door , the person comes to an abrupt stop and slumps to the floor , doorknob still in hand .
 The person is opening the doors to the closet , and turns on the light . The person then picks up a broom and dustpan , sneezes , and walks away from the closet .
 A person runs into the room , bumps into a box , looks at a phone and sticks it in a pocket . The person then opens a bag containing a sandwich that has been held the whole time and removes the sandwich and begins eating it . The bag is then closed and the person walks away with it .
 A person stands around in a room while dipping food onto a plate and eating it . The person then starts to either sneeze or choke .
 A person is standing while putting shoes on . Then a person is opening a laptop and walking down the hallway looking at the screen .
 A person is standing in a closet looking at shoes on their feet in a mirror . They tidy up , eat a chocolate and leave .
 A person walks around a garage before grabbing a phone and leaving through a open door .
 A person is standing in the room grasping a phone . The person puts their phone down on the shelf and picks up a sandwich , then walks out the door , closing it behind them .
 A person opens and closes some drawers on a dreser . They take a book of the top and look at it .
 A person is using a vacuum on the stairs , while eating a sandwich . The person drops the sandwich and laughs .
 In the bathroom , a person is throwing clothes in the laundry bag . Another person is drinking coffee while combing their hair .
 This person walks into the room with a broom , then pauses at the computer desk where they sneeze two or three times before leaving the room .
 The women was cooking dinner on the stove . The person pulled peppers from the refrigerator and continued working .
 A person is standing next to a desk and working on a laptop . The person sits down and looks at the laptop . The person leaves the room through a doorway .
 A person is eating a sandwich . A person then sits on a bed and continues eating the sandwich . A person then begins sneezing .
 A person is in a bathroom closing their homework book , they then start playing with a vacuum trying to get it to work .
 The guy walks to the table and picks up the Mountain Dew bottle and pours some into the glass . He picks up the glass , hears someone at the door and puts the glass down . He walks to the door and grabs the door handle but hears someone talking to him and turns to listen .
 A person awakens while lying in bed . The person then gets up and starts running to grab some medicine .
 A sneezing person is sitting in their home office holding a book and a box .
 This person is in a room , picks up towel off of desk & holds it , picks up cup and starts drinking .
 A person takes their shirt off and throws it down , the sits down in a chair and gets on a laptop . The person then gets up out of the chair .
 A person is sitting in the living room holding their shoes . The person puts on their shoes , takes the keys off the desk , and walks out the door .
 A person is seen in the bathroom holding a camera . They grab a drinking glass and take a sip of soda . After they are finished they leave the room .
 A person picks up a box out of a chair and places shoes in to the box.The person picks up the box and puts it back in to the chair.The person pats a dog laugh and smiles and walks off .
 The person is playing with a pillow in front of the sink . They then grab a towel and wash the mirror .
 A person holding a paper runs across a room and sits in a chair .The person takes a bottle and opens it and takes out pill and puts them in their mouth.The person jumps up and runs across the room .
 The person is holding a towel and a phone . The person is taking pictures of the room that they are inside of .
 A person sits on a chair in the hallway , next to a bag , holding a laptop on their lap . The person types on their laptop , picks up the bag from the floor , closes the laptop , and hugs the bag .
 A person is smiling and pouring milk on a bowl of cereal , then using a towel to wipe up spilt milk and finally putting bowl in sink in kitchen .
 A person sitting on a bed watching a television , drinking a cup of coffee . The person stands up and proceeds to close the doors , turns and goes back to the bed sits down and starts laughing and continues to drink the coffee .
 A person is sitting by the stairs while holding a pillow in their left hand and a book in their right hand . They are leaving the house , which is why they are by the stairs , and so they start walking towards the doorway .
 A person opens the door to the pantry and stands there for a moment , smiling . The person takes something from the cabinet , and closes the door .
 While in the laundry room , person was taking the clothes out of the garment bag . There were also dirty clothes wrapped in a blanket . The detergent was lying on top of the washing machine . There were at least two loads of dirty clothes that needed washing .
 A person is looking into a refrigerator . The person closes the fridge door , walks through the hallway , and sits down at a table . The person starts taking groceries out of a bag , and putting them on the table .
 A person is holding a blanket then throws it on the ground while another person is eating from a plate .
 Two people stand at a cooking station , one grabs a cooking utensil and uses it while on looks on in inspection .
 Person sitting on floor rubbing nose , sneezing , touching hair , sneezing multiple times . Person has game in hand looking at it . Person watches animal walk by .
 A person is sitting in a chair and taking a drink out of a glass they pick up a pillow and throw it to the side then they pick up the glass and take a drink
 A person laughed while sweeping with a broom and then threw a camera on a table .
 There is a person picking up a medicine bottle and looking at it . That person then leaves the room
 A person enters a doorway carrying a phone . The person sneezes and drops their phone . The person leaves the phone on the ground and walks off .
 A person is walking to the refrigerator . The person opens it and takes a bottle of water out of it . Drinking , the person walks to a chair and sits down .
 One person with a camera watches and eats something as another person works on a broken light in the entryway .
 A person is fixing their laptop at a table in the entryway to their home . The person closes the laptop and picks up a camera .
 A person walks into a room holding a box . The person sits down in a chair and begins to open and close the box .
 A person runs into the hallway and repeatedly back to the other end of the room . Then they take their jacket off and set it on the computer desk and leave .
 A person is sweeping the kitchen floor with a broom they set the broom down go over to a picture on the wall take it down use some cleaner and a paper towel and clean the picture .
 A person is watching a video on their while washing clothes . The person takes some clothes out of the dryer and puts them into a box .
 A person is walking and then is opening a cabinet . The person takes a towel from the cabinet and folds it . The person opens a closet door and puts the towel away . Lastly , the person walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting and reading a book . Then , laughing , the person stands and walks over to the wardrobe .
 A person is looking at their phone and then pours a drink into a glass . A second person takes a drink from the glass .
 A person is sitting on something messing with their phone while another person does the dishes
 A person is standing with a broom and another person is fixing a laptop .
 A teenager opened a box , and looked in to it , he found some cd 's or photoes , and he was very happy to see those , and tubled over from joy . He closed the box and put ot in closet
 A person takes off their jacket and drops it on the floor , and is approached by another person eating a snack . Both people have a discussion wherein each laughs several times .
 A person puts some things in a drawer and begins to take off their dark green sweatshirt .
 The person stood up while holding some type of food . The person was eating the food that was in hand while looking out of the window . The person continued to peak in and out of the window while eating the food .
 One person is sitting on the floor putting together a vacuum while another person is standing in the corner of the room watching
 A person is holding a pot . The person puts the pot onto the stove then takes a seat on a nearby chair .
 A person is standing , holding a bag , and smiling . The person then opens a book and reads it but not before sneezing .
 A person sits at the dining room table , drinking a cup of coffee . The person looks out the window , and begins laughing .
 Person sitting down watching a laptop sitting on the desk while picking up medicine bottle and trying to open it .
 A person is looking in and playing around with a mirror and another person is sitting down reading a book .
 One person grasps a pair of shoes and starts undressing . Another person smiles while playing games on a laptop .
 A person adjusts a mirror then nods head once . The person looks closely at self and probably washes hands . Then the person rubs nose and reaches to turn off camera .
 Two people are standing by the window one person is drinking a glass of water the other person is holding a vacuum and waving that person walks away .
 A person turns on a light . They then take off their outer layers of clothing and place them on the counter top .
 The person is unlocking the door to enter the room and get a towel , then leave the room again .
 A person crawls on the floor to the window and looks out . They pick up a bottle of wine and drink some . They put the screw cap back on the wine . As they stand up , they grab a glass from the floor and put it on a table . They begin to walk away while holding the bottle of wine .
 The person walks in with clothes in hand . The person puts the clothes in a washing machine and starts it . the person then picks up a book and flips through it , then walks out with it .
 A person is drinking a beverage . A person then opens and closes a cabinet .
 Some person was drinking and playing with the laptop . Suddenly another person started dancing around the other person with groceries . The other person was nonplussed .
 A person is doing the dishes in the bathroom sink . They are holding on to the dish detergent bottle when they start laughing . They realize they are doing the dishes in the bathroom sink , instead of the kitchen . They walk out of the bathroom , closing the door to it behind them .
 A person picks a book up off of a bed and puts it away , then they pick up a container and some pictures off of the bed and throw the pictures back on the bed
 A person is lying on the floor in a home office type of room . The person sneezes twice but never gets up off the floor .
 A person is undressing in the kitchen by taking their clothes off . They begin tidying up the room , by removing some food that is found on the country and placing a sandwich into the trash can .
 A person stands in the kitchen holding a cup of coffee . They put it down on the counter , walk away , then walk back and open a drawer .
 A person is holding a pillow close to their chest . The person then starts snuggling with it near the door .
 A person is looking through a closet , adjusting items in the closet . The person then picks up a sweater off of a chair and puts it on .
 This person is sitting at their kitchen table eating a plate of food . They also pull out a book from their bag and begin reading .
 A person wakes up on the floor in the doorway to the bathroom . The person grabs a glass of water and a bottle of medicine from the shelf . The person takes the medicine and then washes their face .
 A person removes his jacket , walks into a closet , puts the jacket on a counter , turns out the light in the closet , and walks out .
 A person turns on a lamp then sits down at a desks and drinks from a glass . They stand up , remove a pillow from a box , and place the pillow on the chair .
 A person is sitting in a closet and seems to be laughing . The person then picks up a bag and the bag lights up . The person reaches into the bag and pulls out a cell phone . The cell phone is lit up . The person stands up and places the phone on a shelf and walks away .
 A person is installing a TV . Another man is walking around and watching him while eating food .
 A person stands looking at a phone . Then the person puts the phone in a pocket and undresses . The person then puts on different clothes .
 A person was laying down on the sofa . They then get up and remove the blanket covering themselves , pick up a mug , and take some kind of snack from the bowel next to it . The person sits and eats the snack while holding the mub .
 A person enters a bathroom and closes the door behind them . They then snap their fingers like they forgot something , and begin grasping at the doorknob as if to open the door again . But the door wo n't open . The person turns and looks into the mirror for a few seconds , and then with a shrug of the shoulders the person lies down on the floor to get some rest .
 Drinking water out of a glass takes out some food from package eating the food then takes off some clothing
 A man wearing a white checkered shirt grabs a red checkered shirt and puts it on . The individual then lies down on a bed behind them .
 While the person was pouring their coffee , the person was grasping the vacuum .
 A man is sitting on the couch while holding a book and looking at a laptop . A woman is in the bathroom cleaning the sink .
 A person wearing glasses takes three pieces of paper off the bed , and then throws them back on the bed . Then , the person takes a plate of food off of their bed , and walks over to the
 One person sets down a cup on the floor , while another person is moving a hockey stick back and forth .
 A person is cleaning a box , while another person looks at themselves in a mirror .
 A person is sleeping with a sandwich . They awaken , and grasp the coffee from the table next to them and laughing .
 A person holding a book lays down on a sofa and begins reading . The person then pulls a pillow from behind and throws it onto the floor . The person stands up and walks away .
 A person enters their home office with a sandwich on a plate . The person walks over to a desk while holding the plate , and then sits at the desk and takes a big bite of the sandwich . The person smiles with satisfaction .
 A person is in a bedroom sitting on a chair by a desk . The person opens one of the desk drawers , rearranges some items in the drawer , then closes the drawer .
 A person is standing and looking at something they are holding . Another person then walks into view holding something and looking at it , and then walks out of view again .
 a person walks through the door , throws mail to the side then continues to stand near the door .
 The person picked up the pillow and hugged it , then picked up a blanket and wrapped it around them .
 A person is standing in a bedroom next to a bed , holding a bottle of water . The person begins walking to a closet and looking inside and all around the closet .
 A person holding a flashlight , is unfolding a shirt . Then the person puts on the shirt , and picks up a jacket .
 A person walks down the hall , grasping a bottle of water and a glass . The person pours some water into the glass , then takes out their phone .
 A person is standing by the doorway eating a sandwich . Another person walks in with a book in their hand .
 A person is putting a picture onto the wall . Then , laughing and grasping the corner , the person turns and tells a person where to put the groceries .
 A person is standing on the stairs while drinking from a glass and holding a book .
 A person is on their phone while sitting at a desk they have their foot on the couch and are rocking in their chair while eating a sandwich .
 One person grasps a broom and a box from an old wardrobe , then leaves the room .
 A person awakens on a chair in a bedroom with their feet on the bed . They take a phone from a chair and play with the phone .
 Person was laughing at something that was on television . Person began sneezing because their sinuses were acting up . Person got up off the couch and looked in the desk drawer to see if there was any sinus medicine was left . There was not .
 Person walks in room carrying books , bends and place books on floor , grabs bag , place on counter , folds arm , opens bag , takes out books and holds them .
 A guy is sitting in a chair . He stands up , walks to a refrigerator , opens it and takes out a glass and drinks what is in it .
 A person opens a door and closes the door leading back outside , running in with a towel on their head and then sneezing into it .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror fixing their hair when another person comes in through the door holding a bag and goes to the table and puts groceries in the bag .
 The person put some medicine in their mouth and then drank some water out of a bottle . Then the person wiped the mirror .
 A person holding a book starts to walk up the stairs . The person stops and turns around and walks back down the stairs , leans against the wall then repeats the actions
 People are in a room talking . One person is looking at a piece of paper . They are both standing by a desk .
 A person is eating with a bowl and spoon sitting in a chair . The person enjoys this food and smiles . The person then puts away the bowl and spoon .
 A person is seen putting some clothes away . The person then gets some food and starts smiling as they eat it .
 Person opens door . walks into room , shuts door , opens a box and removes what appears to be a laptop computer , opens the computer , closes it , picks up a screwdriver and applies it to the computer .
 A person is sleeping in the bed with a blanket and another person is folding clothes and putting them on a shelf .
 A person is standing in front of a washer holding a snack . They sneeze and then walk out of the room .
 A person is sitting in a chair in living room holding a pillow . The person stands up and begins undressing while smiling .
 A person walks in to the kitchen , opens the refrigerator , and puts away groceries . Another person walks in , closes the door , and places a bottle on the table .
 Person walks down the hallway while carrying a shirt . They stop at the end of the hallway and stops at the chair . They turn the shirt right side out and put it on . They walk back down the hallway and pick up a box and carry it away .
 The person is sitting at a table folding a towel in their lap . The person takes a drink from a water bottle before continuing to fold the towel . The person then gets up and puts the towel on a bed .
 A person throws a bag on the bed from the doorway then begins to drink a glass of water sitting on a desk .
 A person walks into a bedroom holding clothes and a pair of shoes , they then place the shoes on the floor and the clothes on the bed .
 A person walks into the living room and lies down on the couch . The person takes off their shoes and throws them under the window .
 A person closes a pot . They then take a drink from some mug . Another person holding food walks to a table and puts the food down .
 The person is in the basement , where there is a bed with a pillow and blanket , and a table sits nearby with some half-eaten food on a plate . The person walks from the bed to the table and stands for a moment looking at the food . The person then returns to bed .
 One person runs into the garage with a phone and a cup of coffee , then starts playing with the phone .
 A person is opening a door and closing a box then walking away with the box .
 There is one person jogging back and forth . There is a different person sitting in the floor with a book .
 The person walks over to the window and opens it up . The person adjusts the window and then picks up a phone .
 The person , seated at a desk , was flipping through the pages of a book . They then threw the book on the floor and took a cell phone out of their pocket to look at .
 A man sat at the table drinking coffee . He rubbed his leg , then looked behind him for something . Not finding it , he looked back at the table and began writing .
 A person undresses in the entryway . The person opens a wardrobe , pulls out a new set of clothes and a blanket , and begins dressing .
 A person is walking down a hallway eating a sandwich and holding a dish . The person looks into a mirror and adjusts their hair .
 A person is walking up the stair with a broom in hand , the same then stops and stands in the same place eating some food .
 A person holding a broom walks into the kitchen while sneezing at the same time . They put the broom to the side as they walk over to the stove and continue cooking something on the stove .
 Person stands in front of washing machine and pulls clothes out of laundry basket and drops them on the floor . The person takes a can off the top of the washing machine and takes a drink , continues removing clothes from basket then takes another drink
 Person entering the house with some groceries , put it in the shelf , sat in the chair and operated Laptop and finally closes the door
 A person is sitting in a dark basement . The person stands up and turns on a light . The person picks up a broom and begins tidying the basement floor with it .
 A person is playing with a laptop while another person watches a video on their phone while sitting on the stairs .
 The person grasps the rail of the stairs while talking on the phone . While continuing to grasp the phone the person looks at their sandwich .
 A person sits at a table . They take some food out of a bag and eat it , then stand up and pour some water into a glass . They walk over to a sofa and sit down to work on a laptop .
 A person cooking on a stove while watching something out a window .
 person took the jacket from the cabinet and closed the door . put on jacket . person took a towel with one hand and taken it into another hand .
 A person runs into the kitchen and begins washing dishes in the sink . The person pulls up a chair , sits down , and continues washing .
 A person is standing in the doorway of a bathroom while playing with the camera on their phone , then they start sneezing and close the door behind them .
 A person is standing in the closet , reading a book . The person closes the book and looks out the window .
 A person runs around a sofa before taking off their shoes . Another person smiles as they watch and drink water .
 A person pours a bag of vegetables into a pan and begins cooking them on the stove . The person watches as they simmer .
 A person standing in a basement holding a brown paper bag . They peak inside , before standing idly . At the very end , they towards the top of the stairs .
 A person enters a bedroom holding a pillow . The person lies down in the room 's bed and snuggles the pillow while falling asleep .
 A person is sleeping on the floor with a pillow . The person wakes up and puts on some shoes .
 A person is sitting in a chair and taking off their shoes . They pick up a piece of food in front of them , take a bite , and leave .
 A person walks up to a table and sets on a cup on it , then they throw down the book they were also holding and walk off .
 A person runs through the entryway with their groceries , awkwardly laughing with a sandwich flopping around in their mouth .
 A person is playing on their laptop . then the person begins throwing food towards the door .
 A person runs into the laundry room , then sits down to take their shoes off . The person turns the light on and then leaves the room , leaving the light on .
 A person is sitting in the hallway , eating a sandwich and drinking a cup of coffee . The person stands up and walks through a doorway .
 A person is tidying dirty dishes , putting food in the refrigerator and then leaving a kitchen .
 A person is holding a broom and takes a drink from a glass . The person puts the broom in the closet and gets out a vacuum .
 A person walks to the entryway and puts a bottle of medicine on the table . The person sits on the floor and takes their shoes out of a box and puts them on .
 A person walks into a laundry room , and takes a vacuum out of a box . The person puts the vacuum in front of the dryer and fixes the box , then walks away .
 A person starts off at the camera . The person sits in a chair for a moment and then walks up to the camera and puts their hand over the front of it .
 A person is standing in front of the sink cleaning dishes . After finishing cleaning a plate , the person walks over to the refrigerator and opens it .
 A person walks and tidy ups the room a bit , including picking up and moving a box , before walking to a table , picking up a picture , and sitting in a chair there to look at the picture .
 A person runs into a room and sits down on the floor with a blanket in their lap . They stir a bowl of food while looking into a mirror .
 A person enters their house , coming into through the door and turning on the light . In one hand they are holding a bag , and in the other grasping a phone .
 A person tidies up their bed , straightening the sheets and fluffing the pillow . The action reveals a book under the sheets , and the person gives a short , surprised laugh . The person then sits on the edge of the bed and opens the book , continuing their forgotten homework .
 A person runs down a hall carrying a broom , closes a door and turns off a light , then walks away .
 A person sweeps dirt out of an open door and then closes the door and leans the broom the wall
 A person is standing in the doorway with a bag on the floor smiling , they then close the door and pick up the bag .
 A person is sitting at the dining room table . The person is holding their mobile phone . The person takes a picture of their food , then begins eating their dinner . The person finishes then takes the dishes to the kitchen .
 The person opened a cabinet and begins to do something with their hands . It 's not visible exactly what they are doing with their hands .
 A person is lying on their bed as they play a game on their phone . The person stands up and walks towards the mirror to fix their hair .
 A smiling person opens a box and put a number of items inside , then laughs before putting the lid back on .
 A person is looking through their clothes while talking on the phone . They pick out an item then leave the closet , closing the door behind them .
 A person is standing in a doorway , then takes a few steps backwards and picks up a laptop , then goes back to the doorway and proceeds to stand there .
 A person walks in to a room and touches a mirror.The person turns and walks a crossed the room to another and walks in to it .
 A person runs into their home office , carrying a bag and some shoes . The person sets those items down , then leaves .
 Person walks out of room , walks into kitchen , opens up cabinet door , closes the cabinet door , and grabs a bowl and starts washing it
 A person is grasping a book in a study . They open the book , place it on a table , and run out of the room .
 A person walks into a bathroom and begins to put on and zip up a shirt . They grab a box from the sink and put it between their legs while they finish zipping up the shirt . Once this is complete , they take the box and leave the room .
 A person walks down a hallway holding a cup , stops in front of a closet , takes a drink , takes something out of the closet throws it to the ground and then takes another drink .
 A person is dressing themselves then takes a pillow and a water bottle and puts pillow on the bed and bottle on the floor .
 A person eating a sandwich walks to a mirror and looks at themselves , then picks up a camera and prepares to take a picture .
 A person is laughing while playing on their phone in their basement while sitting on a pillow . They eat a sandwich while watching a video on a phone .
 The person was standing in the pantry trying to decide which food to have for dinner . They glanced around the room , and spotted a mirror on the shelf next to the cans of food . The person looked into the mirror , then began pouring some sauce into the pot they were holding .
 A person takes a small vacuum and looks at it appearing to read something . The person then takes a large pillow and puts it on the table .
 The person runs into the room and picks up items from the floor , he then uses the vacuum on the carpet .
 A person sits in a chair , holding their homework . The person throws the pages into the air and laughs .
 A person is in their dining room tidying up . They grasp the window handle and open it . They grasp the broom and begin sweeping .
 A person is sitting on the sofa with a broom . A person then begins sneezing . A person then looks at a laptop . A person then gets up off the sofa and walk away .
 A person grabbed a pillow . The person grabbed a blanket as well . The person then put the pillow on the shelf , then began to fold a blanket .
 A person is running down their stairs while holding a blanket in one hand . When they reach the bottom , they start working on something on their laptop .
 A person is in the living room , first they check the drawers under the TV , and then they take something from their hand and put it in their mouth
 A person in a bathroom starts sneezing and they walk out of the bathroom and set on their bed and turn on a television and start watching what is on the screen .
 A person is running to the cabinet , then the person is holding a towel to clean up a mess .
 This person walks into the bathroom , goes to medicine cabinet , gets a bottle of something and then leaves the bathroom .
 A person enters a bathroom , closing the door behind them . The person grabs a blanket from the shelf , gets wrapped up in it , grasping at it and shivering as though they are freezing cold .
 A person is lying in bed underneath a blanket . They get up and grab a box from a table and walk to the other side of the room . They take some items out of the box and place them on a shelf .
 A person standing in a garage holding a bag of groceries grabs the doorknob to the house , enters the house , and closes the door behind them .
 A person walks into a room while drink a beverage , the person places the drink on a shelf , sits down and starts watching television in a relaxed manner .
 A person is fixing up their dresser , then begin running in place . After that they start talking on their cell phone
 A person puts some detergent into a washer then closes the door . They pick up a broom and start sweeping the floor along some clothes .
 Person puts on clothes while watching television with a person sitting behind the person with a pillow
 A person walks in , grasping an armload of clothes . They set some clothes on the table and start throwing the rest of them .
 A person picks a bottle up off a ledge and takes a drink from it . Then puts it up on a different ledge and starts to leave the room but turns back .
 A person wearing blue jeans and a long sleeve shirt stands behind an office chair and desk . The individual then tidies the items on the desk before turning around and leaving .
 A person is standing in the laundry room grasping a sandwich . The person closes the lid to the washing machine and picks up a bottle of medicine before leaving .
 A person is standing in the doorway turning the light on . Laughing , the person reaches to take a book off the shelf .
 A person is in a office watching a video on their phone , they start continuously sneezing and afterwards wipe their nose on their clothes .
 A person is standing and throwing things at the door . Another person is sitting on the floor by the door eating a sandwich .
 A person is in their bathroom reading a book . They stop and start tidying up . The phone falls . They attempt to fix the phone . They sweep then leave .
 A person is standing on the stairs , holding a pillow and drinking a coffee . The person then walks up the stairs and stops at the very top .
 The person takes a bag off of a shelf and then carries it up the stairs . The person then runs back down the stairs .
 A person picks up a coffee cup and looks inside . Then they set the coffee cup down and sneeze . Then they sit down at a desk with their head down , and they get up and leave the room .
 A person sits on the couch , wrapped up in a blanket and watching a television . A second person is sitting on the couch with a book on their lap . The second person throws the book down on the couch and jumps up from the couch , walking to a door and entering it .
 A person sitting on a bed and playing a game on a cellphone decides to get up and close the door .
 A person sits down on a couch and picks up a plate of food off of a table and starts eating . They set the food down on the table and then get up and leave .
 A person sits on the floor with a laptop . this person eats food out of a bag while looking at the laptop .
 A person looking out a window , is taking off a jacket , when another person throws a jacket at them .
 A person walks into a living room , holding a sandwich . The person looks at something on the table , sneezes , and then walks away .
 Two people are sitting on a couch . One is drinking from a cup . A man reaches into a backpack and grabs something .
 Two people are standing in the kitchen . Person one is leaning against the counter while looking out the window . Person two is stirring a pan while standing in the middle of the kitchen and pretending to flip something into the air .
 A person walks into the dining room holding a camera . The person puts the camera on the shelf and closes the window .
 A person is standing and pacing , talking on the phone . The idly pick up a broom and start playing with it .
 A person is standing and drinking some coffee . The person is also playing with their phone . Another person is walking into the room and looking out the window .
 A person takes off their jacket and sits down on a couch . Then they open a bottle of medicine and take some , and then set the medicine down on a coffee table . Then They fold their jacket and pick up a blanket from the couch and fold it .
 A person is standing in the kitchen and drinking from a white cup . A second person runs by and begins cleaning a doorknob .
 A person enters the living room , and closes the door . The person takes a glass and some dishes from a table , and sits down .
 A person is sitting in the bathroom . A second person walks into the bathroom , rinses a toothbrush off and puts it away . The person walks out of the bathroom .
 A person walks into the room , undresses , and puts the clothes down , eats a bite of sandwich , gets redressed , takes a book from a chair and places it on a shelf , then leaves again .
 A person is walking into a room and turns on a light . The person then begins to take a notebook out from the wardrobe and walks out .
 Person in the bathroom to rinse rinse hand and then takes a blanket from shoulder to throw in the laundry before returning toward the sink to sneeze .
 A person walks through a door with a drink and a camera . The person drinks and puts the camera on a table .
 A person is walking up a staircase . The person closes a set of doors at the top of the staircase .
 A person puts some coffee into a machine and turns it on . The person eats some food and puts the plate away into a cabinet .
 A person leaves a box of dishes in the garage , then works on something nearby .
 The person stands in front of the stove , cooking food in a pan and drinking from a mug .
 A person is cooking something on a stove . The person stirs the pot , and then takes it to the sink . The person sets the pot in the sink and turns it on .
 A person is running by a window then opening a box with shoes in it
 The person walked to the laundry room , carrying a jacket opened the washing machine put the jacket in the machine closed the machine and walk away .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a table . After briefly looking at a piece of paper , the person puts it down , yawns , gets up , and walks over to the bed before lying down and covering them self with a blanket .
 A person uses a dust buster to clean the carpet , then squats down in front of a box , closes the top of the box , then appears to change their mind about the box and gets up .
 A person is sneezing in the doorway . Then a person is laughing while carrying their homework down the hall .
 A person dresses in some clothes next to a door , grabs a book , then walks through the doorway .
 A person takes a dish from the counter and washes it in the sink . They place the dish back on the counter , pull their phone out of their pocket , and begin to talk on the phone .
 A person retrieves a pile of clothing from their kitchen , and finish dressing with some of the clothes in it .
 Person standing in the standing at the counter , puts plate of food on the counter , takes a bit of food , slams it on the counter , and then runs out of the room .
 A person is standing in the doorway drinking a glass of water before sneezing on themselves .
 The person walks to a mirror with a cup . The person takes a sip of the cup . The person then flips a hoodie around in their hands , and then moves the closet door back and forth
 The person was lying on a bed with a phone and after looking at the screen the person got up , walked over to a desk and sat the phone on it .
 A person is cooking a sandwich and another person is working on the light .
 A person dresses by putting on a jacket while standing in the doorway . Next the person sneezes as they grab the doorknob .
 A person sits on their couch and flips the channel of a tv with a remote in their hands .
 A person walks up to the stove and turns it on , then they place a pan onto the stove . Then they remove some medicine from the drawer and put it on the counter .
 A person walks into the entryway and throws their phone onto the table . The person laughs as they put on their shoes .
 A person is cooking at the stove , throwing ingredients into the skillet . They pick up a book , a cookbook , to look for the next step , and begin working some more on the meal .
 A person is undressing by the window . They sneeze as they turn off the light .
 The person sitting on the chair was grasping a bottle of medicine , as they were coughing and sneezing over a fine sandwich .
 A person is holding a box and spooning detergent into a washer . They close the door to the washer and they put the detergent box on a table . And then they walk away .
 A person walks in through a doorway holding a laptop eating a sandwich they open their laptop and eat their sandwich .
 A person is getting dressed in the bedroom , putting on their shoes while sitting on a chair . The person gets up , walks to the door , opens it , and leaves , closing the door behind them .
 A person opens a refrigerator door and removes a pot then closes the door . The person puts the pot on a stove and turns on the gas flame .
 A person is sipping water while walking around their room . They have a towel over their shoulder . The person pauses to view the television .
 A person walked in front of camera towards door eating a sandwich turned around and walked back out of sight
 In the basemen , a person is laughing by themselves after they see a chair knocked over . They begin taking the chair towards the door .
 A person walks into a dining room and throws a pillow on the ground . A second person picks up the pillow
 A person awakens then walks to their wardrobe . The person then picks up a bag and puts items inside .
 A person is folding a blanket while a dog sits on the sofa then the person vaccums the pillows while the dog plays with a toy
 A person is tidying up a room by cleaning the walls and Person B throws a pillow on the floor . Person A then begins to sneeze and they are cleaning .
 Person walks into the room , sits on the couch and takes off shirt , covers up with a blanket and lies down before sitting up and eating some food from a bag .
 a person holding a container , open the front door and goes through it .
 A person grabs medicine and a cup of water from the kitchen counter . They drop the medicine in the cup and drink it . They put the cup in the sink and rinse it .
 person taking the shoes on by one and threw them in to a bag another person seeing the laptop on the desk
 A person picks up a glass from a counter and drinks from it before putting it down . They then walk to a table and pick up dishes and leave .
 A smiling person is in or beside a closet getting dressed and packing a small overnight bag . While doing so they pause to take sips out of a coffee mug which they had previously placed on a nearby surface .
 A person is standing in the living room , holding their phone . The person tosses the phone down onto a pillow on the sofa and smiles .
 A person walks out of and then back into a room carrying an open laptop .
 A person is wrapped in a blanket drinking a cup of coffee and dancing watching something on a laptop .
 A person is cooking at the stove . The person runs to the refrigerator before leaving .
 A person is sitting on a table with their laptop on their lap . They pick up a sandwich and take a bite while working on the laptop . They put the laptop down on the table and get up and leave the room .
 A person is in a living room , putting on some clothes and closing a bottle of medicine .
 A person is walking down the hallway while holding a bag of clothes and playing on their phone .
 A person walks into the room and sits down in a recliner . The person adjusts a lamp . The person adjusts their jacket . The person grabs a pillow and fluffs it and sneezes while doing that . The person walks out of the room .
 A person sits on a chair holding a plate with a sandwich on it and a camera . The person puts on shoes then stands and takes a bite of the sandwich . The person puts the plate on the chair , before taking a picture with the camera .
 A person is sitting on the toilet playing with a laptop on their lap and holding a phone .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom they go over to the sink and look into the sink they look around grab a towel and run off .
 a person is sitting on the floor holding a broom they get up and take a plate off of the chair the plate has a sandwich they take the sandwich in their hand
 A person sitting at the top of a stairway puts on a blanket and wraps it around , then takes it off and picks up a broom .
 A person is dressing in front of the mirror . Then , grasping their hairbrush , the person walks over to sit on the edge of the bed .
 A person is holding a blanket then begins to fold the blanket . Next the person puts the blanket down on the sofa .
 A person takes a vacuum out of the corner then sneezes all while talking on the phone .
 A person is sitting on a striped couch , opens a book and begins to read it and turn some pages . The person puts the book down sneezes , and picks up a plate with a sandwich on it and takes a bite of the sandwich .
 A person is drinking some water from a glass , they then stand in the doorway and pick up a towel and begin to wipe themselves down .
 A person is sitting on the toilet with a towel wrapped around their head . They have a laptop on their lap and are laughing at the laptop .
 A person is holding a pillow and cleaning it before putting it on a shelf and taking a sandwich and leaving .
 A person is tidying . They watch their reflection in the mirror and smile . They stop to leave , turning the doorknob as they go .
 A person throws a blanket on their bed , then fixes the drawer on the wardrobe .
 A person is sitting on the floor watching television . Another person opens the door and walks in while holding a bag and a book .
 A person in the bathroom is working on something on their phone . They are holding a mirror in the other hand , and then put the mirror down because they remember there is a big mirror in the bathroom .
 A person standing in the doorway of a bathroom holds a package of medicine closer to examine a picture on it , then opens it , takes something out and then leaves the package on the counter .
 A person unlocks a window , then relocks it and adjusts the curtains .
 One person with a broom opens the bathroom door , then watches the person inside undressing and dressing .
 A person is sitting in a chair , looking at an album of pictures . The person closes the photo album .
 Two people are in a bedroom . One person is sitting on a bed eating food out of a bowl . The other person is standing up and using a screwdriver to try to fix a laptop computer .
 A person stands in the entryway looking at a picture . They take a towel , clean it , then set the picture on a table . They grasp the doorknob , open the door and walk out through the doorway .
 A person is pouring a hot cup of coffee and lying on a pillow .
 A person is standing in a bathroom , they pick up some medicine , open it and smell it , then throw it out the window .
 A person is taking off a shirt . A person then picks up a bag , and takes off their shoes . A person then begins to sneeze .
 The person walks in and throws a comforter on the bed then proceeds to lay on it while eating food and scrolling on tablet .
 A person opening a door is carrying a towel and clothes . They put the towel and clothes on a chair before they sit down .
 A person is taking clothes out of a wardrobe . Then , opening the door , the person begins smiling as the person turns the light on .
 One person with a towel slung over a shoulder grasps a bottle of medicine from a table and drinks it .
 A person is wrapped in a blanket while eating potato chips . The other person is trying to vacuum up the potato chip crumbs and watching them as they continue to drop .
 A person bends to pick up laundry while another person watches from the foot of the stairs , taking a drink from a bottle of water .
 One person is laughing holding a phone and another is putting homework and a laptop on a chair .
 In the living room , a person is lying on the sofa sneezing and talking on the phone .
 A person is walking with a camera in their hands while putting on shoes , they then sit down on a chair and take a picture .
 A person is undressing in their wardrobe closet . Another person is standing in the doorway , fixing their gaze on that person .
 A person goes from sitting to standing , walking over to the vacuum by the window and starts tidying .
 Person is working on completing the laundry in the laundry room and puts all of the completed laundry on the dryer . Person then stands on a chair to fix the light that needed replacing .
 A person sitting in a chair begins opening a bag of chips on a table .
 A person takes a brown bag out of a plastic bag and opens it . They stand there for a bit holding it before they set it down and walk away .
 One person gets food out of a cabinet and begins to make a sandwich at a table . The other person is sitting at the table drinking coffee .
 A person is drying their hair with a towel . Another person walks in and sits on the sofa and gets medicine out of a bag .
 A person drinks from a cup , takes some pieces of food from a plate they are holding and throws them on a table , then walks down some steps towards the table as the person eats some of the food .
 A person looks through a backpack and takes out items , rubs some lotion on themselves , and leaves the items next tot he backpack as they walk away .
 A person is looking at themselves in the mirror and then looks at a picture .
 A person reads a book and then throws it onto a couch . The person looks at themselves into a mirror and winks at themselves .
 The person is sitting in a chair while laying with their head on a table then lifts up their head and looks around and then looks at their cell phone .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a desk doing their home work they pick up a towel and wipe their hands on the towel .
 A young lady is eating a bag of chips as she waits for her laundry to get done . She is inside the laundromat and she is observing the washing machine machine in which she has her clothes while eating a bag of chips .
 A person walks through a door down a hallway holding a phone . The person places the phone into a backpack on a chair .
 A person is sitting at the table grasping a sandwich . The person eats a bite of the sandwich , then puts it down on their plate . The person grabs a towel and wipes their mouth with it .
 A person runs to pick up a phone from a bed and looks at it , then lies on the bed when a second person walks in and picks up a towel off the floor and cleans a table with it .
 A person walks to the doorway of the pantry . The person is drinking from a cup . The person lays a blanket down on a shelf .
 A person is sitting at a desk , watching a slideshow of pictures on their laptop . The person stands up and leaves .
 The person is pouring a bottle of stain remover onto their clothes in the laundry room . They are grasping the bottle with both hands . Then the person takes off their shoes and puts them aside . Then the person turns off the light .
 A person standing , is watching their laptop while throwing their clothes into the washer , talking on the phone .
 A person is standing in the kitchen eating something . The person opens a cabinet , then closes the cabinet . A person then starts tidying up the dishes in the sink .
 A person is standing in the bedroom . A second person picks up a towel off the bed then sits down .
 A person is tidying their pillows and putting them on the bed . Another person starts sneezing and laughing in front of the mirror .
 A person just arrived from work and is standing in the entryway and then proceeds to undress from their winter gear . They remove their shoes and put their laptop on the table in the entryway .
 A person carries a box into their garage , they set the box onto a cabinet and open it only to be startled and run out of the garage .
 A person in the entryway is sitting down in the doorway . They begin sneezing uncontrollably , and then stand up and pick up a broom while smiling oddly .
 A person is lying in bed in their bedroom , looking at something on a laptop . They then close the laptop , get out of bed , put on a pair of shoes , and walk out the door .
 A person walks into a room , throws some shoes on the floor , then walks out again .
 A person holding a towel trying to open a wooden door . The person try to open the door drops the towel picks it and proceeds to try and open the door , the door will not open for them .
 A person is sneezing in a glass and then laughing while using a vacuum in a garage .
 A person runs into the room , holding a pillow . The person throws the pillow back out through the doorway .
 A person is sneezing as they open the door and then they begin to smile at the camera to take a picture .
 A person cooks at a stove then puts dishes in a sink and runs some water into the sink . the person opens a cabinet to take detergent and squirts some in the sink before returning the detergent .
 One person worked on a kitchen cabinet with a screwdriver , while another person walked around the kitchen and into another room holding a sandwich .
 A person is snuggling on the sofa with a blanket watching television .
 A person puts a towel onto the shelf . The person looks at a picture hanging on the wall for a moment , sneezes , then leaves .
 The person is vacuuming the floor , then they set the vacuum down and look at them self in the mirror .
 A person is in the bedroom holding some clothes . Then the person starts smiling while looking at themselves in the mirror .
 Person opens box , takes out towel , looks at it , folds it back up and puts it in the box and carries box out of closet and opens again .
 A person is standing in a room watching television while drinking something from a glass and they set the glass down and look into a mirror and the pick up a pillow from the floor and throw it somewhere out of view .
 A person is sitting on the floor eating some food while looking in a mirror . A person grabs a pillow and walks away .
 A person is lying on the floor with their head on a pillow while watching tv .
 A person throws a dirty towel into a sink . They then remove a pot from their stove .
 A person is sleeping on some stairs . The person then awakens and sneezes . The person then seizes some food lying next to him and consumes it .
 The person is using a camera to film another person using a vacuum to tidy up . Person 2 smiles and points at cabinet for supplies .
 A person folds clothes while sitting on a couch while a different person stands nearby .
 person stumbles up to a refrigerator , leans head on fridge then opens the door , bows twice , pulls out a glass and bows toward the fridge several times
 In the laundry room , a person is grasping a blanket and talking on the phone while trying to dress .
 A person stood in a garage , drank twice from a water bottle , then turned and picked up a box and carried it across the room while continuing to drink from the bottle .
 A person is lying down snuggling a pillow . The person wakes up , throws the pillow , and then yawns .
 person laughs as they snuggle in bed . they hold a pillow next to a pile of freshly folded clothes
 A person is smiling while putting away groceries . The person picks up a glass of liquid and drinks from it .
 A person is standing on their stairs holding a phone and a towel . The person puts the towel on the stairs and leaves .
 A person , seated on the floor , while watching a computer , opens a cabinet , gets something out , puts it back , and then shuts the cabinet .
 A person is working at the desk grasping a pen . The person puts the pen down and picks up a glass of water . The person takes a drink of water and sneezes while drinking , spitting water all over a pillow resting on the desk .
 Person walks in room , open drawer , place can inside , closes drawer , grabs clothes and puts in on top of washer .
 Person is sitting down writing in a notepad and watching tv . Person gets up to remove objects on shelf and open door . Person then sits back down .
 A person sitting at a desk in a basement is laughing while turning on a light .
 A person is holding a broom in the doorway of a pantry . They are taking a wet towel and wiping it on the floor .
 A person walks into a bathroom and closes the door . They stare at themselves in the mirror and then they open the medicine cabinet and grab some medicine and they walk out the door .
 A person walks through a doorway holding a bottle and a bag . The put the bottle and bag on a table , and sit on a chair . Another person sits on a chair working on a laptop .
 Persons sitting on chairs at table , one pulling blanket on and off head while smiling . Other person with cup in hand drinking .
 A person lying on a pillow and covered in a blanket awakens in a bedroom and begins watching television .
 A person puts a towel onto the shelf . The person then throws their keys onto the table and sits down in a chair .
 A person grasping a bag of groceries walks into closet . They lift a blanket off a vacuum cleaner , and leave it on the floor , taking the vacuum cleaner in the hand they 're not using to carry the groceries with . Twirling the bag of groceries playfully , they walk out of the closet .
 A person is cooking some food on a stove , takes it to a sink . The person grabs a towel and wets it in the sink , then begins wiping down the cabinets .
 Person is drinking a glass of water as they rub their hair with a towel . Person sneezes as they pick up the clothes off the chair .
 A person is eating food off a plate and then puts the plate down . A person is sweeping the floor and then puts down the broom and walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting at a desk in front of a laptop talking on the phone with their legs crossed .
 A person opens a closet door and takes out a pillow . They pick up a bag from the floor while snuggling with the pillow and walk out of the room .
 A person is standing in the laundry room , working on their laptop . The person takes a break and looks out the window for a moment .
 A person is smiling at the stove , fixing a meal for themselves . They then move to the counter where groceries are laid out waiting to be chopped up . The person begins chopping up some of the food items and puts them into the skillet/pot/pan to start cooking .
 A person is lying down on the floor on a blanket . The person then stands up and folds the blanket , then walks to the front door , opens it , and walks outside to a stairway .
 A person walks into a laundry room and puts clothes into a machine and turns the machine on .
 A person standing on a chair in the doorway to a pantry hunts about the shelf for some medicine . They find it lying toward the back . They pick it up and shut the pantry door behind them as they leave .
 A person walks out of a room and sneezes , then picks up a blanket while still sneezing then puts the blanket over this persons back and walks away .
 The person cooking on the stove is eating food and looking in the mirror .
 The person is sitting down in a chair . They then start running over to pick up a towel off the floor .
 A person walks from a hallway into a room . The person picks up a cup from a shelf , sips from it , then laughs while standing .
 A person is sitting on the floor throwing a pillow . The person punches the pillow then puts it down . The person picks up a phone and watches it .
 A person sits at a kitchen table in a hoodie looking at a magazine , then stands up , picks up a broom and runs to the front door .
 A person stands next to a table , and pulls out medicine while also placing water on the table . The person picked up the water , walked to window , and swallowed medicine .
 A person is cuddling with a laptop . They pick up a cup and drink it , and then set it back down on a chair . They close the laptop .
 A person sits on a couch watching and laughing at a video on a laptop . The person picks up a phone from the table and leaves talking on the phone .
 A person is sitting on the floor and holding a book . The person places the book down and grabs a cup from the table and drinks it . The person eats a sandwich from a paper towel on the floor .
 A person opens a drawer and take out a phone . The person then walks over and stands in a doorway , and starts using the phone .
 There is a person sitting in a chair using a laptop . The same person put the open laptop in the chair and stands up . They pick up a grocery bag , walk over to the refrigerator and open the door .
 A person picks up and starts talking on their cellphone as they walk over to a door with a mirror on it and touch the door and the doorknob .
 A person carries a cleaning towel into the living room where they dust the coffee table while walking around it multiple times . They pick a box up from the floor and set it on the corner of the coffee table . The person removes a blanket and a flashlight from the box . They turn on the light and shine it in a few directions before turning it off and exiting the room .
 A person carrying a box opened the door came in put the box down opened the box and took out a comforter p lay the comforter on the bed .
 A person awakens in their home office , holding their phone . The person sets the phone down on the desk and stands up .
 A person is sitting in a chair , holding a dish of food , and eating from it . The person grabs a cup and drinks from it .
 A person is sitting on a toilet reading a box , when another person comes in with a bag of things and start putting them away then they arrange a towel and walk out .
 A person stands holding a blanket , opens a closet door and looks inside at a wardrobe then walks back to turn off the camera .
 A man walks through a home ' front door . Once inside the home , the man removes a hoodie and drapes it on the man 's shoulder .
 A person is walking around while grasping a broom then they stop to fluff a pillow .
 A person is tidying the refrigerator , then dressing a salad and then having a cup of coffee in the kitchen .
 A person runs into the bathroom and opens the cabinet . The person takes a towel , leaves , and turns off the light behind them .
 A person is seen sleeping on a couch with a book , they then close the book and place it on a table and begin tidying up the couch .
 A person is standing in the kitchen eating in silence . Another person comes in the kitchen and goes to the stove . They put something down next to the stove , stand there for a bit , and seem to adjust something on top of the stove .
 A person is standing and holding a box . The person opens a closet and door and places the box in the closet . The person shuts the door and walks away .
 A person sits on the floor cross legged while doing homework . After a few seconds , the person gets up , picks up a brush , and starts sweeping the floor .
 A person is walking up the stairs with a broom while holding a bag . A person begins cleaning the stairs with the broom .
 A person is sitting on a table , drinking from a glass . The person then walks over and picks up a pillow , dusts the pillow off , and places it on a chair .
 A person is working on their laptop by the stairs in their house . While doing that , a second person is walking down the stairs with a cup of coffee .
 A person sitting on a stairs wiping shoes off , picks up a broom and put it between his legs than unfold their legs and hold the broom between the their legs .
 A person comes down the stairs carrying a pillow . They then open a cabinet door and put the pillow inside , before closing the door and leaving .
 A person removes a towel from the cabinet and then closes the bedroom door .
 A person is sitting in a chair , holding a stack of homework . The person throws the homework down on the desk , stands up , and leaves .
 The person standing rearranged the papers and some other things on the table picked up the bag on the top of the table and threw it down on floor .
 A person stands in the doorway of the pantry while eating a sandwich . The person opens their phone to check something .
 The person appeared to be working with electronic wiring of some sort . At the end of the video the person was eating something from a back which appeared to be chips of some sort .
 A person is sitting on the toilet and drinking coffee . They stand up and put the cup into the sink and sneeze .
 A person is in a office opening the draw on their desk , they then take a drink of a beverage and sit back in a chair .
 A person walks to a window , picks up a glass and drinks from it . Meanwhile , another person is tidying up a desk with a laptop on it using a cloth .
 One person walks in and takes a book from a bag , then puts a sandwich and a bottle of medicine in the bag .
 A person in their closet is undressing by taking their jacket off . They begin pouring some medicine into a small cup . Afterwards , they hold the medicine up to a mirror .
 A person walks into a bathroom and cleans up a vanity . The person puts items on the vanity away . The person grabs a broom , and then sneezes .
 A person is putting clothes in the washer . A person then adds detergent to the clothes . A person sits in a chair while holding a broom .
 Person at the bottom of the staircase shakes a blanket out , folds it , grabs a broom , and walks down the hallway .
 A person sits on a table and reaches for something on the ground . They put their shoes on and run around the room .
 A person sweeping a floor with a broom .The person places the broom against the wall walks across the room and gets on a couch and covers up.The person grabs their phone and holds it up to their ear .
 After opening the curtain , a person is standing by the window with a book taken from a cabinet .
 A person stands on a chair in the closet , trying to reach something on a high shelf . The person gives up and gets down , then takes a drink from a glass of water .
 a person sweeping the floor with the broom , when another person walks over to close a door .
 The person turns on the camera , moves the blinds , climbs on the couch , moves the blinds again , climbs down off the couch , then stops the camera .
 A person walks into a bathroom with their laptop they put their laptop in the sink and go over to the toilet and put the lid down .
 A person closes a bag being held then reaches inside and pulls out clothes . The person places the bag on the dryer then walks away holding the clothes .
 A person walks up to a shelf and sets a box on it . This person takes some comic books off the shelf . Another person stands nearby fixing a camera . The first person throws a comic book at the other person .
 A person walks into a closet with a picture and puts the picture on the floor and then puts on a jacket and stands in the closet wearing the jacket .
 A person is sitting on a bed . The person pours water into a glass , then lays down on the bed .
 One person is eating chips while talking to another person as one person is watching tv . The other person is holding a door knob with his back to the first person .
 A person is in the kitchen holding a frying pan . They put the pan on the stove and go to the shelf for a can of food . The person opens the can and sets it next to the stove .
 A person is looking at a camera , they then set the camera on a table and grab a bag and begin tidying up things by putting them in the bag .
 The person is holding a sandwich and runs to the closet . The person sets the sandwich down on the shelf and grabs a towel . Leaving the sandwich on the shelf , the person walks out of the closet with the towel .
 A person takes a book out of a cabinet and then closes the cabinet . Then the person looks at the book and smiles .
 A person is undressing in the living room . The person throws their clothes onto a table , and grasps a sandwich from the same table .
 A person getting dressed puts on their shoes . They then walk out of the room with their phone in hand .
 A laughing person carries a box into the closet and lays it on the floor . The person takes a pair of shoes out of the box and throws them in the corner .
 A person is walking towards a door , they stop and take off their jacket and before exiting the room they move the vacuum that is blocking the door and set it aside .
 person took some medicine from the shelf and took it into a glass , and poured some water into it , has some food and took the medicine
 A person filled up a cup with a liquid . The person then walked over to a washing machine and opened the lid . The person then poured the contents of the liquid into the washing machine and closed the door .
 A person is sitting on a bed and taking off shoes , they then get up and look at the shoes then throw them on their bed and leave the room .
 A person is folding a towel and putting it in a box , then putting the box on a shelf .
 A person sits on the bed reading a book , while another looks at a laptop screen in a chair next to them .
 A person is seen holding a phone and looking at it . They begin laughing at a picture that they see .
 In the home office , a person is working by reading a book . As they hear some noise from outside , they begin closing their book and start drinking from a glass of water on top of their desk .
 A person is walking down the stairs holding a bag in their hand . When they get to the bottom of the stairs , the person throws the bag next to the sofa .
 A person runs through the hall holding a cup of coffee . They stumble when they hit their foot on a chair , stop to steady their self , and sit down .
 A standing person looks out a window while another person seated behind him works on homework .
 A person opens a bag then puts a sandwich and something else inside . The person then closes the bag . Next the person opens the closet door and throws the bag inside . The person closes the door throws their head back laughing .
 A person is seen lying their sandwich on a plate . They begin walking up to the door and reach for the doorknob , opening it .
 This person appears to be in their bedroom , sitting at desk doing homework or something .
 A person is lounging on the bed watching TV . Another person walks over holding a cup and gives them a hug , and leaves .
 A person is sitting in their home office watching television and opening a bag . They look in the bag and pull out a pillow .
 A person is standing in the garage holding a broom . The person throws the broom into the corner and grabs a vacuum instead . The person turns off the light and leaves the room .
 Person watches television while eating a bag of chips . Person starts standing and putting the bag of chips on the floor .
 A person is standing in the basement folding clothes . The person grabs a blanket from the pile and puts it to the side .
 A person enters the bathroom , sits on the toilet and removes their shoes . They then drink water from a glass on the counter , and follow up by washing their hands in the sink , then drying their hands on a towel .
 In the entryway , a person is closing a box . The person then is sneezing by the window .
 A person is seen washing a shelf . They take a broom and begin tidying the area nearby .
 A person is laughing as they sit on a sofa . The person is watching the back of a medicine bottle .
 A person is lying down on the stairs grasping a pillow . They sit up and take off their shoes .
 Person carries bag of groceries up the stairs . While walking up the stairs person pulls food out of the bag and puts it in mouth .
 A person stands at the top of some stairs holding a phone and pillow , then throws the pillow down the stairs .
 A person is standing and holding a broom . The person is walking and tidying up the stairs . The person puts the broom down , sits , and opens a laptop .
 one person cleaning with broom wrapped in a blanket one person standing and watching
 person is lying in a hallway snuggling a pillow , under a blanket .
 A person walks into a bedroom , putting a bag on a shelf . They take their homework out of the bag and start playing air guitar with it .
 The person is casually pacing near a dinner table , he spots a box on the table , picks it up the observe it smiles then sets it back down .
 a person carries shoes and clothes into the basement and throws them into a washer or dryer . They then stand their looking at the washer or dryer .
 A person walks through a door and closes it behind them . They turn on the light in the room , and pick up a dish with food remnants on it . They wash the dish in the sink and place it on a shelf above the counter .
 A person is laying down in a narrow hallway . The person then sits up , removes shoes , places the shoes in a plastic bag , and tosses the bag onto the floor .
 A person is sitting down on a sofa drinking a glass of water and watching televison . The person then takes a sheet off of a pillow .
 Person is sitting at dinning room table doing working on homework . Another person is drinking from glass cup .
 A person jotting up the stairs while carrying clothes , the person removes a pair of shoes when reaching the top .
 A person is smiling and laughing at the phone while grasping a bag .
 A person is lying down on their couch , snuggling with their blanket . They sit up and pick up a sandwich from the table in front of them .
 The person is standing up on something , opening a cupboard , and removing a box of cereal . The person then walks away .
 A person is sitting on the floor fixing something on a shelf . The person then begins to sneeze .
 A person is taking some clothes off of a shelf and placing them in a bag . Another person is sitting on a bed doing homework .
 A person runs into the room . The person opens a cabinet , takes out a laptop computer and closes the cabinet . The person clears a space on the cabinet and sets the computer on it and taps some keys while still standing . Then the person stand there , just looking at the computer .
 Person x is sitting down and watching tv smiling , camera pans to person y who is sweeping the floor , stops and then turns to leave the room .
 One person is smiling with a small stack of dishes and another person with a bag is getting dressed on the stairs .
 A person is in a bathroom throwing food away into a garbage can , she also picks some up from the floor as well .
 A person enters a room , turning on a light , then opens a closet door , takes down a toy laptop , turns off the light and leaves the room .
 The person holds a pillow in bed , moves around a little bit then gets up and hangs clothes that is strewn on the person 's bed onto a rope with more clothes .
 A man sneezes and uses the vacuum , he continues to sneeze and then puts the shirt on . Then he opens a cabinet and closes it followed by walking out of the room .
 A person is seen eating a sandwich and standing . They look at a vacuum and ignore it , continuing to eat .
 A person is sitting on the floor watching tv and then they take a glass off of a table and hold onto it .
 A person wanders through a messy room , carrying and drinking from a plastic water bottle , stops at a coffee table , sets his bottle down , takes off his shoes , picks up the plastic bottle , walks to the couch , moves a blanket out of his way , and sits down .
 A person is tidying the desk and the drinking from a glass in the kitchen .
 A person has dropped a calendar while taking off a grey sweater and looking in the mirror while also smiling .
 The person is holding a drink cup and a bag of chips . The person sits down on the couch and puts the snack and cup on the table . The person eats some of the food and then takes a sip from a cup . The person gets up from the couch and walks away .
 The person walks with a cloth to the dirty counter and sink and cleans it off before starting to scrub the dishes .
 Person taking a camera and putting it on a shelf and then begins by taking off his jacket and other clothes .
 A person is drinking a glass of juice while standing in the hall near the entrance to their house . A stranger is watching this scene through the side window .
 person standing and eating food , removing blankets and clothes and throwing them on to floor
 A person is cleaning off a counter with a rag . Another person opens an oven door to look inside then closes it . This person then opens a fridge door , grabs a cup and drinks from it and then closes the door .
 A person is laying on a couch and wrapped in a blanket . They wake up and begin to stretch and yawn before putting on their shoes .
 One person standing on the stairs talking on the phone . A second person walks in , sneezes and climbs stairs eating sandwich .
 A person is standing in a bedroom . They walk over to a box on a shelf and touch it , rearrange it .
 A person is sitting on a couch , and then puts their glasses on before looking for something on a table .
 A person is sitting on the floor in a hallway , holding a bag full of something . The person sneezes 3 times and then sets the bag aside .
 A person is laughing as they fold clothes in a laundry room . The person closes the washing machine door and folds a blanket .
 A person throws a book on a sofa.The person squats down and starts running around the room.The person runs to the door and hides behind it .
 A person is holding a box standing on a bed . Another person puts cookies on the floor in front of the bed .
 A person turns on the sink to do dishes . The person then pours something off screen .
 A person is sitting in a bathroom reading a book by the sink . They then get up and start fixing a leaking pipe while lying on the ground .
 A person is going up the stairs holding a book . That person sets it down and sneezes .
 A person in the bathroom drinks from a cup of water . The person then pours the rest of it in the sink and then sets the cup next to the faucet .
 There is a person standing up eating a sandwich . There is another person sweep the floor with a broom and then vacuuming .
 A person is opening a cabinet . The person is grasping a jar which they put on a table .
 The person siting on bed holding a box picked up a remote , turned on television opened the box picked up food from the box and ate it .
 A person is taking off shoes and putting them on a dryer . The person then opens a cabinet door and puts the shoes on a shelf .
 A person is hugging a pillow and blanket and swaying side to side , then puts them down , picks up two bowls off the floor and walks out the door .
 A person is closing their eyes as they take a sip of coffee . The person is holding their coffee cup in their hand as they are standing near a box .
 A person is dressing by the stairs by putting on a jacket . They start smiling as they look at a picture on their phone . Then , they start drinking a glass of coffee .
 A person is sitting on a couch . The person is watching a video on their phone . The person stands up and walks out of the room .
 A person is folding some clothes up in the bathroom . The person puts on a jacket in the bathroom after folding it . The person pours something to drink from one cup to another cup . The person picks up the dishes and grasps the doorknob to leave .
 Two people are in a room . One is undressing and redressing in front of a mirror while the other paces back and forth holding a pillow .
 The person stood in front of the medicine cabinet and then decided to grasp the light switch .
 A person walk out of a door and closes it partly and then the person comes back into the room . This same person folds laundry after coming back in .
 A person walks across a room carrying a book . The person then sets the book down with the cover showing and walks away .
 Two people are standing in front of a window , one looks out the window while the other person is reading multiple pages from a book .
 A person is standing front of a sink while sneezing . The person then plays with a light switch .
 The person opened a closet door and acted as if they were searching for checking between the cloths and on the shelf under things . She than proceeded to place a book or folder in a box on the top shelf . She than turned away from the closet and walked away leaving the doors standing open .
 One person puts a phone back on a table with a camera already on it , then starts eating a snack .
 A person is sitting on the floor they are trying to open a bottle they open the bottle and sit it back on the floor after closing the bottle . Then they get up and walk away .
 A person puts food on the table and a plate than takes their shoes off and places them in a chair.The person turns the shoes around and walks off .
 A person is using a broom to sweep up the floor . They then pick up a book and open it .
 A person holds a broom and opens the doors of the cabinet . The person then puts the broom in the cabinet on top of dishes , closes the cabinet doors , picks up a sandwich from a shelf , and eats the sandwich .
 There is a person standing in a kitchin who has a sandwich wrapped in a papertowl who keeps smelling it . Once the person is finished smelling it , she puts it down on the counter then picks up a box of crackers and starts to eat them .
 A person walks into a bathroom and looks at themselves in the mirror while taking a picture of themselves .
 One person opens up a bag and tidies up the area , putting a picture in the bag .
 A person walks into the kitchen , sets a glass down on the table next to a croissant then goes to another table to pick up a glass and start drinking it while they walk around with the glas .
 A person with a number of objects in their arms places them on a shelf and then removes a box to place into a cabinet .
 A person opens a laptop that is sitting on the shelf . The person laughs at something on the laptop and closes it , then picks up a pillow and blanket and throws them on the floor .
 A person is laughing and snuggling a pillow and taking a sandwich .
 A person wipes down a closet door with a rag , laughing to themselves while doing so . The person points at a laptop screen as well .
 A person sits next to a glass and a bag . They open the bag , grasp something from it and begin eating .
 The person took pictures out of a box , looked at them and put them back . Another person ran through the doorway .
 A person is sitting on a carpet with a laptop on their lap . The person then picks up cell phone and smiles while looking at it .
 A person is holding a pair of shoes which they begin to put on . They stand up , pick up and hold a bag , and leave through a door .
 Two people are standing in a kitchen - one is eating food from a plate and the other person writing something on a piece of paper and then throws the paper down .
 A person is seen holding their laptop in the bathroom . They put their laptop next to the sink and begin working on it .
 A person looks in the mirror , takes off a jacket and then picks up a sandwich from atop a wardrobe . They walk over to a doorway and begin to eat the sandwich .
 A person is sweeping with a broom while another person looks on and critiques their work .
 A person is laughing as they clean using a vacuum in a walk-in closet . The person sneezes and wipes their face with a towel .
 A person standing in front of a television in a living room looks at a DVD case . The person walks across the room and sets the DVD case on a couch . The person then begins walking back across the room to open a set of vertical blinds and opens a sliding glass door . The person then begins to look outside into a covered outdoor porch and into a backyard .
 A person is sitting down eating a sandwich . The person then grabs a glass of water and takes a sip out of it .
 A person was holding a blanket . The person walked around a room before stopping to look at an open closet .
 A person is walking through a door and puts their watch on a table . The person then takes a towel and wipes self with it while sneezing .
 A person sits down at a table and picks up a jar.The person put stuff in a cup and stirs it .The person takes a drink of the cup .
 A person runs into the recreation room , eating a piece of food and drinking a glass of water . The person sets the items down and leaves .
 The person takes a box off the shelf and puts it back . They then drink a cup of coffee
 A person turns on their lights and places a magazine on the shelf before cleaning the shelf with a bowl of water .
 The person is folding a towel in the laundry room . The person then puts the towel down , turns off the light , and runs out of the room .
 A person is cleaning a desk , then picks up a broom and starts sweeping the floor , before washing windows with a cloth .
 A person in their bedroom is undressing by taking their jacket off and placing it on their bed . Then , they look out the window .
 After undressing their clothes , a person proceeds to open a bedroom window .
 The person was sitting in a chair reading a book , then sneezed . The person turned the page of the book then used a paper towel to wipe off nose and hands .
 A person lies down while looking at their phone . The person moves their head up and down while on the phone .
 A person opens a window then they wash some dishes in the sink . Next the person saves some groceries in the cabinet . The person closes the window .
 A person is standing in a room and throws a pair of shoes in the corner and then begins to clean the floor with a towel while on all fours on the floor .
 A person is standing at a stove and pours water into a pan . Then the person picks up two slices of bread .
 A person walks into the bedroom , sneezing and drinking a glass of orange juice . The person sits down on the bed and takes out a box of cookies from the nightstand .
 The person sat on the stairs working on a laptop . The person closed the laptop and set it down . They walked down the stairs and began preparing food on the stove .
 The person was drinking sitting in their chair . While the person grabbed their pillow to lie down .
 A person sits down and eats some food with a pillow in hand . The person gets up from the chair and kicks their slippers off .
 A person stands , puts a broom in the closet , and then looks at the person 's wardrobe in the closet .
 A person walks in a room and puts some clothes on a bench . Then the person sits down on a chair .
 A person is cleaning using a vacuum when another person goes into the pantry and takes something from the shelf
 A person is standing in front of the refrigerator . The person begins taking dishes out of it , sneezing as the person does so .
 A person is sitting on a sofa , taking off their shoes . The person picks up a pillow , places it on the sofa , and lays down .
 A person is snuggling with a pillow and towel and then laughing at a picture in a basement .
 A person is sitting in a chair next to a desk with a laptop in their lap . After typing for a few seconds , the person takes a glass of water and drinks from it . The person then puts it down , and rubs their nose and mouth with their hand .
 A person is seen watching television as they put on their shoes . They start laughing , then take a bit out of their food .
 A person is standing next to the door and trying to fix it . They open the door multiple times and then throw something to the floor .
 A person is putting a pillow into a washer , then closing the door on the washer and finally opening a laptop in a laundry room .
 A person gets dressed in some clothes . They open a cabinet then close it again . They walk to a door and grab the doorknob to open the door .
 A person walking in to a room , throwing a cloth on top of a stand.Proceeds to pick up a broom and hug it and kicks off their shoes on the their feet.Proceeds to walk out of the room .
 Person is standing by cabinet fixing their hair while looking in mirror .
 The ( shaky ) video mainly focused on one person , who appears to writing in a notebook . It then pans to a second person tossing an object , possibly a pillow or bag , up and down .
 A person drinks something while staring into a bathroom mirror . The person then fixes their hair and washes something in the sink .
 A person straightening up a desk , pushes the chair forward.The person proceeds to pick up a blanket and put it on a chair.The person sits down on the floor and drinks coffee .
 Person laying on bed with laptop in lap who appears to be watching something while holding a pillow .
 The person was standing in front of the pantry smiling and eating a sandwich , while the television was on .
 A person standing at the stove is cooking . Another person walks in the room drinking coffee and eating a sandwich . The second person sets their cup in the sink and walks away .
 A person opens the door to their laundry room and walks in . They turn on the light and stare at the wall , deep in thought . They suddenly sneeze and burst out laughing . They take out a bottle of medicine from their pocket and take a pill .
 A person is standing at a stove cooking . The person picks up a spoon and begins to stir a pot . Some liquid spills out of the pot and the person picks up a towel to clean it up .
 A person walks into a bathroom and closes the door . The person then watches a video on their phone while using the bathroom . The person reaches over and takes a tissue from a box . The person then starts playing a video game on their phone .
 A person sits down in a chair and opens a book a little , before putting it down and bringing their phone to their ear .
 A person is holding a box with shoes in it . A person then walks to a mirror and starts looking at themselves .
 A person is taking off a jacket and dropping it on the floor . The person picks up a pillow and sets it on a chair .
 The person in the video is throwing shoes at the other person who is standing near the pantry drinking out a cup .
 A person is tidying up their bedroom while watching television . The person then grabs some clothes out of their wardrobe and starts getting dressed .
 A person is running up to a doorway . While smiling , they turn the doorknob .
 A person stands in front of a shelf against a wall . There are several boxes there , and the person begins to go through one of them . They pull an old picture out and smile fondly .
 A person leans against a wall reading a book . They close the book , throw it down on the counter , and leave .
 A person comes out of a room and sneezes into their arm . The person then grabs the doorknob of the door next to the one they came out of .
 Person drinking some coffee and eating in the kitchen while another person comes in the room brushing off shoes .
 A person walks through the door and closes it behind them as they enter the room . The person is holding a bag . They set it down on a chair and They pour a glass of water out of a pitcher . And then they sit down on the couch holding the glass .
 A person stands over a desk , looking at their homework . The person takes the homework and throws it in the air , the pages scattering everywhere .
 A person is walking backwards taking off their jacket then they grab a phone and walk over to a door and close it they pick up a bottle and take it over to the door then they stand swaying back and forth .
 A person is looking at their phone . They take some cereal out of a box that 's on a cabinet shelf and eat it . Then they get a bag out of the cabinet . They bend down and pick up a pair of shoes off of the floor and walk out of the room .
 A person walks over to a desk and takes the plate from the table and puts it on the floor . The person then sits and looks at the computer.After , the person takes out their phone and looks at it while standing up from the chair .
 The person sat in a chair eating a sandwich . They placed the sandwich on a table and got up and left the room . They looked at a family picture on their way out .
 The person is descending a flight of stairs . Then sits down at the foot of the stairs and begins typing on what appears to be a cell phone .
 A person throws a pillow on a shelf and starts getting undressed . The person puts their clothes on the shelf as well and smiles .
 A person cooking in the kitchen walks over to their stove and picks up a glass item from it . They put it in the sink for washing and take a clean glass out of the dishwasher , closing it behind them . They push a chair out of the way and put the clean glass on the table .
 A person who works from home is seated in his home office/study and staring at his computer screen while munching on a sandwich and keeping an eye on a pet dog that is snuggling on a blanket in a corner of the room .
 A person is lying down on the couch . They sit up and sip from a cup and then grab a pillow and hold on to it .
 A person vacuums a floor while holding a glass of water , sometimes taking sips of the water while vacuuming .
 A person carrying a camera walks over to a table and puts it down , then picks up a cup of coffee and drinks . They put the cup back on the table when they are finished drinking .
 A person opens a door then they stand in the door way and then they walk into the room . they turn the light on and go over to the sink and pick up a bag and walk back out .
 A person is holding a bottle of medicine and walking through the door in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person lays on the floor while watching television . The person takes a few drinks from a cup while continuing to watch television .
 The person gets up from the couch , walks to the table , puts the phone down , picks up a book , lays down on the couch , covers with a blanket then gets up and puts down the book .
 the person walking in the room , having a cloth in hand , playing with the cloth and closed the door
 A person is sleeping at a desk . The person wakes up and stands up , grabs a bottle of water , and checks their laptop . The person drinks from the bottle of water , and goes back to working on the laptop .
 A person takes a blanket out of the dryer then puts in some clothes . They then sit in a chair and snuggle into the blanket .
 A person walks into the pantry , carrying a bag of groceries . The person opens the bag , but then abruptly stops and takes out their phone and smiles .
 There is a young person snuggling on the couch with a large towel , the couch is next to a standing cabinet that holds movies and toys .
 The person is sitting on the couch with a remote control in their hand . They then pick up a beverage and take a drink from it . They ten set the beverage back down .
 A person is tidying the area by putting shoes on a shelf , while another person walks in grasping a phone and sandwich .
 A person is drinking from a glass , putting it down on a desk and picking it up again while talking on then phone , then the person starts undressing .
 A person is cleaning up the hallway with a broom . The person throws the broom through the doorway , pours some water on the floor , and begins mopping .
 A person standing looks like they are fixing a door hinge but gets tired and sits on a sofa .
 A person is standing in the closet drinking a glass of water . The person opens the wardrobe and takes out some clothes , then smiles .
 A person is standing in the entryway with their hand on the doorknob . The person is holding their shoes in the other hand . The person opens the door , smiles , and leaves .
 A person awakens in a chair with a sandwich lying next to them . They grab hold of the sandwich while nodding and smiling .
 The person looks behind a door and does something with the lock . They lie down and open something , and a dog joins the person . The person puts something that was in the container in their mouth .
 This person is drinking a soda from a can while sitting in a chair . Then they get up and go to the sink to wash their hands .
 A person walks through the door way into the bathroom and starts picking up laundry as they are walking out of the doorway they sneeze .
 A person is drinking from a glass while walking through a doorway . After setting the glass on a table , the person picks up a bag and walks out through the same doorway .
 A man takes his shirt off . Another woman comes in and drinks coffee . The man is reading while standing .
 A person is standing in a dining room holding some dishes , they put them down on the table and take off their clothes and throw them to the side .
 A person throws some clothes into a box . The person stands there for a moment , then removes the clothes and begins to fold them .
 A person is closing the medicine cabinet , then lying in the tub and then turning off the light in the bathroom .
 a person is cooking something on the stove , they stop and then pick up a bottle , and then sits down in a chair adjusting the pillows .
 A person is sitting on a pillow watching the foor on their plate . They begin laughing at the movement of the food .
 Person holding large bowl , walks into kitchen , opens fridge , walks away , picks up broom and starts to sweep
 A person is dressing by taking a jacket from their cabinet located in their bedroom . They begin throwing their shoes toward the window in their room .
 A person is vacuuming their room . Then they stop and wipe their forehead .
 A person runs into the middle of an office , holding a box and a sandwich in opposite hands . They stand there a moment , before closing the door to the office and sitting down in the chair in front of the desk . They begin watching something on their monitor as they enjoy their sandwich .
 A person is standing in their kitchen eating a sandwich and smiling while cooking some food on a stove , they then move a glass .
 Person in the kitchen bending over to tie shoe , stops to stir a pot on the stove while shuffling feet back and forth , and then when done stirring goes back to trying to tie shoelaces .
 A person is playing on their phone and looking up occasionally and keeps watching out the window .
 A person is sitting on the floor looking at something that is then put on a shelf . The person then picks up a book and looks at it .
 A person is standing and holding a laptop and a book . The person looks at the book and places it on a table . The person sits down and opens up the laptop .
 A person is standing at the door ad looking out of the glass . They are also drinking coffee from a small cup .
 Person standing in room looking at bucket , throws clothes in bucket . Another person in room picking up object off counter and placing in mouth multiple times .
 A person is carrying a broom and closes a door . The person then throws the broom in a corner , picks up a bottle of water from a table and drinks it . They then smile as they look at the water and in the mirror .
 A person is standing in the closet , talking on the phone while looking in the mirror . The person quickly runs out .
 A person takes a bag of clothes from the corner of their home office . The person laughs as they begin undressing .
 A person is closing the entry door holding the doorknob tightly as if it would jam . This person turns and is watching as another person is running into the living room with a box . There are shoes in the box . The thought is What are you doing with my shoes ?
 A person stands in the kitchen , looking at a picture on their phone and laughing . Another person stands in front of the oven , watching as their food cooks .
 A person puts a pillow on the top shelf of a closet , closes the door and walks out . Another person drinking a glass of water walks in and opens the closet door . They begin rummaging in the closet .
 A person is seen sitting on their bed dressing themselves . They begin pouring themselves some medicine from a bottle .
 A person is sitting on a bed and sneezing constantly while a second person enters the bedroom holding a folding chair and once inside the room the second person picks up a vacuum cleaner .
 A person picks up some clothes from atop the desk and throws them to another person , laughing .
 A person is laughing , sitting on a couch . The person lays down , and then sits back up . The person then reaches for a book and opens it .
 A person undresses in front of a mirror , picks up shoes from the floor and puts the clothes and shoes in a cabinet after opening its door .
 A person is folding laundry on the table and notices a camera . The person starts walking towards it and accidentally hit the light switch and laugh .
 There is a person sitting in the chair moving their legs . Another person walks into the room and picks up a book off the table and looks at it .
 A person stretches , throws off their blanket and climbs out of bed . The person walks over to a wardrobe , opens the doors and picks out some clothes . The person walks over and places them on the bed . The person returns to the wardrobe , picks out some shoes and places them on the floor next to the bed .
 A person picks up a box and walks through a doorway . The person then fixes their hair in a mirror
 There is a person taking groceries out of a bag and putting them on a table . That person then turns off the light and leaves the area
 A person is running around in their living room . They start dressing by taking some clothes off of a desk that is in the room .
 A person sits down at a desk . The person picks up a jar of medicine and puts the lid back back on it , then starts to eat a sandwich . The person then puts down the sandwich and stands up .
 A person is putting homework on a shelf . Then a person is sneezing and taking a bag of groceries out of the living room .
 Person A enters the garage and removes shoes and puts them on the floor . Person then stands on a chair to try and fix the light that has been going out .
 The person is standing with a towel or throw on their shoulder drinking from a glass while appearing nervous .
 A man is standing in a garage and talking on a phone , then picks up a garden hose and puts it down while continuing to talk .
 A person is sitting on a chair over a rug and puts their shoes on . After the shoes are on , the person gets up from the chair and walks over to a cabinet and finally to the table .
 A person is walking through a kitchen the stop at the doorway fix their hair then they lean into the doorway .
 A person with a laptop walks through a room , then closes it and places it atop a shelf . They take a camera from a counter and look at it .
 A person adjusts a ceiling lamp and sits down on a toilet seat . The person opens a pink laptop , then wipes down the door and wall with a cloth . The person gets up and leaves the room .
 A person stands up and puts a paper onto a table . The person then walks through a dorrway and folds a towel .
 A person is sitting by a shelf while another person comes over and puts a scarf on and leaves while the first person is sitting and tiding up
 A person is walking down the stairs holding a glass water and laughing . The person stops to look in the mirror on the wall , then sits down on the stairs to pick up some clothes .
 A person walks down a hallway holding a glass , pausing to adjust a picture on the wall . The person continues on , putting a glass on a table .
 A person is sitting in a chair playing a guitar . The person puts the guitar down and takes off their shoes , then throws them into a pile of clothes . The person gets up and grasps a broom and stands in the doorway looking at the room .
 A person is sitting in their laundry room , eating a sandwich and playing with their phone . The dryer finishes spinning and they walk to it to gather up all their clothes .
 The person sat down and too off their jacket . The person grabs a brush , brushes their hair and takes a cell phone out of their pocket . The person gets up and walks away .
 A person is standing at the bottom of a flight of stairs working on a laptop , they then put it down and open up a homework book .
 A person sits on a chair while playing with their laptop . The person closes their laptop , sets it aside , and then leaves .
 A person is carrying a bag and a vacuum . The person puts down the bag , and vacuum and begins to sneeze .
 A person runs into the recreation room through the doorway and grabs a book . The person opens the book and begins reading .
 A person smiles as the grasp and turn the doorknob to open the pantry door . The person then places a blanket inside .
 A person takes a glass from the cabinet and washes it . The person then turns to walk away , but trips over a broom .
 A person is cooking on the stove then they open a box and pour it in the pot they are cooking with .
 One person is eating and smiling at the table with some food and an open book .
 A person opes the door and walks in , closing the door behind them . The person turns on the light and takes their shoes off , then grabs a bottle of medicine off the shelf .
 A person pours a drink , grasps a sandwich from a plate and walks over to the dining room table to sit down in front of a laptop .
 While seated on the floor , a person is reading and browsing through a magazine or brochure while having a sip of his drink . Afterwards , the person stands up and walks out of the room and toward a doorway that leads outside .
 A person put some shoes on the dryer . The person then put detergent on the shoes . The person then seized a laptop that was for some reason on the dryer , looked at it , then walked away .
 a boy is holding a bag of chips and eats them while nodding his head . a person walks over with a chair and sits down and takes the bag of chips
 The video is upside down . A person walks over and sits down on a chair , then drinks from a flask .
 A person takes their phone from their pocket , and takes a picture of their food . The person sneezes and drops their phone into the food .
 Person standing in attiac eating a sandwich and drinking coffee from a mug , and then grabs a towel from a laundry basket and walks out of the room .
 A person walks into their kitchen and grabs a bag out of a box . They put the bag back in the box and sit on the floor .
 Person standing in the pantry trying to open some medicine , puts it back on the shelf , and then picks up a camera and tries to take a picture .
 Person walks in room holding clothes , puts clothes on chair , lays down in bed , fluffs pillow and crosses legs and arms .
 A person is sitting on a sofa , puts on a sweater , starts working their laptop , then takes a drink of water .
 A person is walking down the stairs holding a vacuum . Another person is at the bottom of the step with a laptop . The person closes the laptop and takes their camera out of their pocket .
 Person is sleeping in bed with a pillow . He then sits up and drinks out of his cup that was placed on the floor near his bed .
 A person is tidying a wardrobe , then smiling at a picture , and then dressing in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is standing near the window in the entryway , laughing and laughing as they look at the cover of a book .
 A person is looking into the fridge they eat something out of the fridge then close the fridge door and walk over to the stove
 A person throws a pillow onto the sofa , then runs to the window . The person begins watching something out the window .
 A person is sitting on some stairs looking at themselves in a mirror , the other person is pouring coffee on the stairs .
 A person was eating in front of the television while another person was walking in with a vacuum .
 A person is in the study putting their phone up on a shelf . The person fixes the shelf a little because it 's crooked , then grabs the doorknob and leaves .
 A person is sitting at a table and eating food out of a plastic container . They take a drink from a mug and then look out the window .
 A person is seen watching something on their camera . They begin holding their camera looking at it oddly , they then set it on the table .
 A person is lying on a sofa in a rec room , laughing while on the phone .
 A person lying down on the floor and another person running in to the house and setting something down on a counter and running out of the house .
 The girl is walking to the couch with a blanket around her . She sits down , picks up a book , and begins reading . Then , she puts down the book and stands , takes a drink , puts it down , and walks back to the camera .
 The person is eating over the sink while holding a glass .
 A person is working on a sofa . Another person walks in with a bag of groceries , closing the door behind them .
 A person stands in the closet , smiling . The person takes a drink from a glass of water , grabs a broom , and walks out .
 A person is standing in a garage sneezing and holding a bottle of medicine sneezing they sit down and put the bottle on the floor and they eat a sandwich
 One person grasps a camera and points it at a person in the doorway with a cup of coffee , who smiles back .
 A person is working on homework at a table in the kitchen . The person throws a pencil in frustration .
 A person is working on homework in the laundry room . The person stands up , smiles , and leaves through the doorway .
 A person walks to their desk with a book in their hands and takes a seat . They go on their laptop and type and then place he book on the laptop . Then they turn and grab a remote to turn the tv on .
 A person sitting on a bed reaches out to take medicine off of a dresser . The person opens the medicine , swallows the medicine and washes it down with a glass of water . The person then takes a sandwich of the dresser and begins eating it .
 A person admires themselves in a hand mirror for several moments before setting it down and undressing . The person strips to their underwear and grabs a towel before leaving the room .
 A person is making and then drinking tea . Then it pans to another person who is standing at a TV .
 A person holding some empty dishes and a glass is walking down the stairs . They step over some homework on the bottom step and set the dishes and glass on a nearby cabinet . They then start dressing by putting on a shirt and a cap .
 A person is sitting on a sofa looking at a laptop on the coffee table . They open a box of Ritz crackers , fidget with a blanket , and begin eating the crackers .
 A person is sitting on a couch and they are taking off their shirt they pick up a blanket and sneeze into it .
 A person is carrying medicine bottles and puts them near a person lying in bed . The person in bed sits up and both start opening bottles .
 A person in a dimly lit room walks to a door , unlocks it and then stands in front of the door shuffling their feet momentarily .
 The person opened their closet and took out a sweater . The person dressed in the sweater and left the room closing the door behind them .
 A person is undressing in their pantry by taking their clothes off . They start washing their hands with some water that they found on a shelf in the cabinet .
 A person vacuuming the floor in their laundry room . Another person enters with a pillow and puts it in the washer .
 A person is standing in a bathroom and the person hangs up a hand towel and then begins to look at their cell phone .
 Person using a towel to wipe down the top and all around the stove , and then when finished puts the towel in the garbage and walks over to the refrigerator and opens it .
 One person throws a picture at the bathroom door , awakening another person who starts sneezing .
 A person walked to the bathroom and sat on a chair . The person then pulled up his pants . A person then played with his phone .
 A person enters a room though a door carry a book bag and closes the door.The person stops and starts watching television .
 A person walks down the stairs carrying a stack of books . Suddenly their cell phone rings and they start trying to find a place to put the books . They put the books on a coffee table and take out their phone out of their pockets only for the phone to stop ringing .
 A person is tidying up the entryway , and picks up some dirty dishes . The person walks over to the vacuum , but instead pulls out their phone and starts playing with it .
 A woman is taking a blanket and laundry from a dryer . She carries the blanket through the doorway and into the living room where she puts it on the couch .
 A person stack glasses on a washing machine . The person takes a pillow out of the washing machine and hold it and the leaves with the glasses .
 Person lying on a bed sleeping with a book on chest , awakens , puts the book down on the couch , and gets up walking to shut a drawer .
 A person opens the door and runs in the room . They pick up a glass from a table and put it on a counter . They pick up a towel and open the door , placing the towel on the doorknob . Then they leave .
 A person lays down on their bed and starts eating a sandwich from a plate . They laugh at something they see on their television as they hold their sandwich in their hand .
 A person in their recreation room is playing with their laptop that is lying on top of a chair . They begin drinking some coffee .
 A person is working on cleaning up their dining room . They tightly grasp a broom and gather dust up from some crevices . They tidy up the batches in a dust pan and toss it all into a large bag .
 A person is sitting on the floor in a doorway , fiddling with a camera . There is a sandwich in the person 's lap .
 One person stands on the stairs with a cup of coffee , then starts tidying up some food left on the stairs .
 A person walks down a hall and sneezes and drops the book bag that the person is carrying . The person picks the bag up and walks down the stairs .
 A person enters a hallway and closes the door behind them . They sneeze and laugh , and then pick up an empty glass and a plate with a sandwich on it .
 A person is lying on a couch . A 2nd person walks into the room and pours water into a cup . They then pick up a cup from a table and drinks from it .
 Person walks in room carrying object underarm and tidy up computer desk . Then places object on desk near computers .
 In the dining room , a person is pouring a drink while standing in the doorway in behind a vacuum .
 A person runs into the garage , eating a piece of food . The person runs out , closing the door behind them .
 The people in the video are laughing and smiling and joking around with each other , while the other takes a pic of a object in the corner .
 A person standing on stairs fixing a laptop while another person is grasping a glass .
 A person is standing in a kitchen eating a sandwich and stirring a pot with a spoon .
 A person swept the floor . After sweeping , the person swept the dirt into a dustbin . The person then set the broom down and walked over to a table . The person when closed a laptop that was sitting on the table .
 A person is sitting in an office chair eating chips , the person then rests his arm on a computer screen for a bit .
 A person picks up an item from the bedroom floor then pull their phone out of their pocket and looks at it before slowly exiting the room .
 A person makes tidy clothes on the floor then opens window curtains and looks outside . The person puts an empty hand to an ear , then runs over and turns off the camera .
 There is a person stirring a pot on the stove . That same person walks over to and looks out a window before leaving the room .
 A person walks into a kitchen , grabs a bag out of a cupboard , turns around to a sink , places items from the sink into the bag , then walks out towards the camera
 A person is sitting in a chair eating some food . The person spills some of the food onto their clothes . They stand up out of the chair to look at the mess they have made on themselves .
 A person is folding towels and putting them on a dryer . A person then vacuums a rug before reaching something on a shelf .
 A person turns on a vacuum cleaner , runs it over the carpet a few times , then turns it off , grabs a mug from the table in the same room , and drinks from it .
 A person is standing in the garage with a broom . The person is also drinking out of glass of water .
 A person is sitting in a chair with their legs crossed . The person beings to untie their shoes and looks away .
 A person is pouring a drink into a cup . The person drinks the drink , walks away , and sits the cup into the sink .
 There is a person eating food off a plate . That person then picks up a phone off a chair and walks away .
 A person is sitting on the floor looking at a book then the person gets up and walks to a window . The person laughs as they look out the window .
 Person looks in a mirror and runs their hands through their hair . The person then reaches over and grabs a glass from beside the sink and appears to pour the contents into the sink . The glass is returned to its original resting place . The person then takes a towel that is in the sink and shakes it slightly .
 A person is tidying with a broom . They stop , take medicine from their pocket , and read the label .
 A person walks in the room and takes a camera out of a box . The person opens the camera to check for batteries , then puts the camera on the desk and leaves .
 A person sneezes multiple times with a tv on in the background . The person then walks through a doorway to leave the room .
 A person is sitting on a couch holding a cup while watching television . The person then gets up , puts the cup down , and begins to sweep the floor with a broom . While sweeping , the person sneezes .
 A person is in the kitchen washing dishes in the sink . The person grabs a plate from the counter and scrapes the food off into the garbage while smiling .
 A person is leaving their home when they stand upon hearing the television still on in the next room . They close the door , put their bag down and go to turn it off .
 A person picks up a cup and puts it on a shelf . They pick up five more cups and put them all on the shelf . Another person walks into the room and stands in the doorway . They gesture their hands towards the shelf .
 The person opens a bag on the bed , moves a blanket to another spot on the bed , lays down , sneezes and looks at an item in the person 's hand .
 A person is sneezing while they open the door to the entryway . Then they are grasping a pillow they pick up off the floor .
 A person takes a picture of a cabinet with their camera . The person looks at the picture for a moment , then leaves .
 A person finishes eating some food off a small plate and stands up . They go to get a broom and start tidying up the garage workspace . Some dust causes them to sneeze .
 The person is standing at the stovr stirring a pot on top of the stove , The person turns to the left and opens a box on the counter then turns back to the stove to continue to stir the pot
 A person throws a towel onto a chair and smiles , while standing in a doorway .
 A person enters a living room area and looks up at a picture on the wall , and then the person leaves the room through a door which leads outside .
 A person awakens and fluffs their pillow . The person stands up , walks to the desk , and opens their laptop .
 Two people are walking up some stairs and laughing together . The two of them walk into a house and then one of them walks out and shuts the light in the home on his way out .
 A person is sitting on a bed holding a broom . The person quickly jumps up and grabs the bedroom door 's doorknob .
 Person standing at the door with hand on doorknob , and holding a red mug with the other hand .
 A person is sitting with a phone while someone is taking pictures with a camera .
 A person closes a door , then picks food and dishes up from the floor and walks away .
 A man is frustrated with a picture and throws it aside and then checks himself out in the mirror and scratches his chin before walking out of the room .
 A person enters a garage , closing the door after entering . The person sees a pillow on top of the car and snuggles it for a brief moment . After setting the pillow back on top of the car , the person then grabs a vacuum and exits the garage with it .
 A person walks down the stairs and glances at themselves smiling in a small decorative mirror on the way down . They suddenly sneeze , and immediately their phone rings .
 A person takes off a jacket in front of a door . After taking it off , the person takes a blanket from the couch , snuggles with it , and walks away .
 A person is standing in a closet holding a towel and a cup of coffee . The person sneezes . The person throw the towel on the ground .
 A person is fixing the door on a pantry . The person wipes their face with a towel . The person opens and closes the pantry door . The person dusts their clothes off with the towel .
 Person is grasping clothes . Another person is looking out window and starts sneezing .
 A person is eating a sandwich as they get ready in the bathroom . The person throws the sandwich aside and takes a picture in the mirror with a camera .
 A person puts a book on a shelf , then picks up a picture , looks at it , then puts it back .
 A person is seen opening the door to their home office . They are seen drinking coffee while tidying up some papers on the desk .
 A person walks to a stove and starts cooking . They walk to the refrigerator and open the door and leave .
 One person holding a phone and coffee watches laughing as another person throws homework across the room .
 A person is sitting on an indoor bench while quickly observing a book 's covers . The person then rises , and walks through a hallway into the kitchen . The person then begins preparing a sandwich while standing at a counter .
 A person is sitting on a bed playing with a camera . The person stands up and place the phone into a bag . The person then begins looking into a mirror and fixing their hair .
 A person is dressing as the person sits on the chair . Then , standing , the person reaches for their bag and leaves the room .
 A person is sneezing and then starts tidying the book on the shelf .
 A person walks into the room carrying a pitcher of water and a glass . They sit in a chair at a desk and pour some water then set both on the desk . They play a video game on a computer , then stand up and walk away .
 A person walks to their car , opens the trunk , and takes out a bag of food .
 A person is standing next to a bed and begins to take off some shoes . The person then sits down on the bed .
 A person stands in a kitchen , examining the cover of a CD or DVD , then walks over to a television cabinet and puts the item away there .
 A person holds a book in a doorway . They turn the light off and throw the book in a room
 A person sitting in a chair at a table plays with the food in a plate . Another person walks over and takes the glass from the table .
 A person opens a cabinet then plays with some items inside . Then the person closes the cabinet and walks to a vacuum . Next the person begins winding the vacuum wire .
 A person walks through their living room and picks up a broom and starts sweeping under a table . Another person walks in and sits on the sofa .
 A person picks up a phone from a bed and starts playing on it . Then they set it back down on the bed and bend down to put their shoes on .
 A person wipes a water glass with a cloth and then puts the glass on a shelf in front of a window .
 A person opens the refrigerator and pulls out a sandwich . The person closes the refrigerator and takes the sandwich to the counter and places it on top of some homework .
 A person is holding a laptop as they sit on a sofa . As they watch the screen they begin laughing .
 A person is sitting on the floor , opens a drawer , takes some medication out of it , and swallows it .
 A person walked through a doorway into the living room with a towel draped around their neck , and closed the door . The person stretched and threw the towel on the floor .
 A person walks in to a bathroom and puts a pair of shoes on the floor under the sink moves a basket out of the way turns and does something by the toilet.The persons bends down picks up the shoes and turns off the light .
 Person walks into the kitchen , sneezes , and puts a green bag of groceries on the chair in the kitchen before leaving the room .
 A man stands and reads a book , then takes a cup of coffee off of the counter and takes a drink from it , then pours himself more coffee and begins to dress .
 A MAN IS SITTING DOWN ON A CHAIR WHILE READING A LETTER AND PUTS IT DOWN WHILE CONVERSING WITH ANOTHER MAN WHO IS STANDING UP . UP
 The person is sitting at the foot of the stairs putting on their shoes . They walk towards the door and turn off the light as they are leaving .
 The person opens the door to the bathroom and enters . The person turns on the light and then stands before the toilet , looking out the window that is behind the toilet , watching something off camera .
 A person walks up a set of stairs , opens a door , and stares intensely into the open door as if wondering what secrets are held beyond .
 A person sweeps the bathroom floor for a few moments before reaching down to pick up and begin folding a blanket .
 A person hanging up some clothes in a closet , then takes a towel from a box and leaves .
 A person is sitting in a chair and watching a video on their laptop . They are eating some kind of food while watching it .
 A person is throwing a pillow into the wardrobe . Then , taking the dishes off the table , the person begins tidying up the room .
 A person is sitting at a table playing a game and laughing at their phone . They are holding a sandwich in their other hand . They put down the game and start eating the sandwich .
 Person looking at a picture and then decides to throw it while another person eats and walks around the kitchen .
 Two people are standing by the stairs one person is sneezing into a kleenex while another person is standing holding a book they first person walks over the other person and they hug and kiss .
 After undressing , except for shoes , a person is tidying the room and straightens a picture .
 A person sitting on the toilet begins tidying up the area around them . They stand up , grasping the sink counter to give leverage as they do . Reaching for the medicine cabinet doorknob , they open it , letting the light from the bathroom shine in . They take a sandwich out from the cabinet .
 A person picks up a bag of stuff from a chair and then walks to turn the light on . After turning the light on , they sit down in the chair .
 A person is in a office watching their laptop that is on their desk , they then get up open the door and walk out .
 The person was tidying up the garage , when they saw a picture from high school . The picture was under some dishes in a box , so the person cleared them away . After washing the picture frame , they sat in the garage examining the photo .
 A person reads a book while standing up , then sneezes a few times and continues reading afterwards . They then throw the book at a door and pick it up .
 Person is laying down in bedroom . Person gets up and turns on a light . Person picks up shoes and scarf from floor and shuts door .
 The person is standing up while holding a glass and watching television , the person also sneezed or laughed while viewing the TV .
 person opened the shelf and took a glass and kept it on the tray , opened the refrigerator and took a jug of water anand poured it into the glass and drank it , kept the glass into the sink , took a plate of food into hands
 The person was wearing a towel , smiling while leaving wet footprints on the floor . The person stopped in the doorway .
 The person adjusted their clothes in their bedroom . The person then turned off the light and walked out of the bedroom into the hallway .
 A person is grasping their medicine tightly , they begin drinking it while looking out the window .
 A person stood on a flight of stairs and took photos of another person who was at the bottom of the stairs engaging in a series of different poses .
 The person walks out of the bathroom and throws a towel on the floor before sitting down on a pillow in the bed .
 A person drinking from a mug , then placing phone on table and glancing out of window .
 A person leans over the toilet to get or fix a vacuum , then looks in the mirror and messes with their hair while holding the vacuum .
 A person removes their clothes and puts them on a bed . Another person stands nearby smoking a cigarette and looking at their phone .
 A person in the laundry room is taking some clothes out of the machine . They start washing their hands in the sink , and then take a pillow off of the ground .
 Person A is running down the hallway with a pillow and encounters Person B smiling while carrying a bag of groceries .
 A person is putting medicine on a shelf and then sneezing on food in the laundry room .
 A person is washing the dining room table with a washcloth . The person picks up a pile of homework to move it out of the way , then grasps the homework while they wash underneath . The person puts the homework down and takes a drink of a glass of water while looking in the mirror on the wall .
 A person runs into the bathroom closing the door behind them they grasp the door handle to make sure its locked . They pick up a glass and fill it with water .
 A person opens the garage door and looks outside as if waiting for someone . They go and sit down in a chair where they drink some coffee and eat a small plate of food .
 A person walks into a room holding a book , then puts it down on a nearby desk .
 person standing in the bathroom and cleaning the phone , checking the phone camera
 A person is going back with blanket , keeps is on a chair , then she comes back pick up the blanket , walks and keeps it on a rack , and walks back .
 A person sitting in a chair eating a sandwich.The person puts their hand to their face and sneezes into their hand .
 One person tidies up around the doorway with a broom , then smiles into a mirror before leaving .
 A person is playing a game on their laptop . They take a break to bite their sandwich .
 A person takes off their hoodie while watching some tv , and puts it on a desk next to them .
 A person sits in a chair in the kitchen . The person stands up to reach a dish in the cabinet , gets the dish , and then leaves .
 A person takes something out of refrigerator and starts drinking it . Then they start laughing before they turn off the light .
 A person is holding a sandwich while also holding a laptop in a bathroom .
 A person is opening a closet door , they then take out a pillow and put it under their arm .
 Person is standing in hallway putting on shoes and starts dressing by mirror to go out and get groceries .
 A person is opening their wardrobe and taking things out of it . Then , standing , the person takes a book from the wardrobe and opens it .
 A person is walking through a doorway then opening a medicine cabinet and holding a medicine bottle .
 A person is lying on the floor on a towel . They are doing yoga . They sit up , smile , take a drink from a nearby water glass , and get up and leave .
 The person sits at a desk and works on a laptop . The person then washes the desk .
 A person sat on a chair reading a book . The person then grabbed a cup from a nearby table and took a drink . The person then grabbed a box from the table and opened it up . The person took a piece of paper from the box and returned the box to the table . The person then looked at the paper .
 A person walks into the bathroom and throws a blanket on the chair . The person picks up a glass of water and takes a drink .
 A person is carrying a plate into the dining room . The plate appears to have a slice of bread on it . The person then sits the plate down on the table and pours water into a cup and walks out of the room
 A person stands in a living room , then takes off a sweatshirt . The person then picks up a blanket and sits down on a couch , settling underneath the blanket .
 Person is searching through a bag where they find an old Polaroid camera . This is done while sitting in a chair .
 A person walks down some stairs . The person picks up a bag of groceries and beings walking down a hallway . The person then places the bag of groceries on a shelf .
 A person is holding their laptop . The person sets down their laptop , and takes a pillow from the sofa .
 A person sit in a chair drinking a cup of coffee and holding a box while watching television . They reach over and put the cup of coffee on the desk .
 A person is standing over the sink holding a sandwich . The person begins drinking water from a glass as the person eats .
 A person is stirring something that 's cooking on the top of a stove while also talking on a cell phone and taking tastes of the food they are cooking .
 A person is sneezing while trying to dial a number on a cell phone . Then a person is putting a towel on a counter because it had fallen on the floor .
 A person walks into the room , opening a bag of clothes . The person stands there for a minute , checks their watch , and takes some medicine .
 A person closes a door . They then wipe the door with a towel .
 A person smiles as they watch something out of a window at the top of the stairs . The person gently taps on the glass .
 A person laying on the couch covered by a blanket , sitting up , stretching , yawning , then picking up a pillow and squeezing it .
 One person is grasping a towel around their waist and another person is taking a blanket from a cabinet .
 A person opens the door and walks in the entryway holding a bag of groceries . The person closes the door and grabs a book off the desk before leaving to the kitchen .
 A person holds a bag of food and throws things at a vacuum cleaner before throwing the bag and walking away .
 A person grabs a doorknob and enters their recreation room . They put their phone in their pocket , then they walk to a sofa and sit down .
 A person in the hallway is undressing by taking their jacket off . They wrap a blanket around them and start fixing their clothes .
 A person is walking in the basement holding a glass of water . They put the glass on a desk .
 a person is on their laptop , sitting on the stairs . The laptop lights up and the person sneezes and accidentally throws the laptop down the stairs .
 Persons in room , one holds a towel , shakes it while the other cooks on the little stove . Another person is laying on the floor .
 A person is sitting at a desk and laughing while reading a book , then pouring a cup of coffee in the dining room .
 A person walks into their entryway with a glass of iced coffee . They place it on the table . The person stands in the entryway playing a game on their phone .
 A person who is sitting down is looking at their phone and pressing buttons while smiling and periodically drinking from a glass .
 A person in a kitchen opens a cupboard and pulls out a bottle of medicine , which they sent on the counter . They pick up their cellphone and appears to text or check something and smiles briefly while looking up near the ceiling .
 A person walks to the closet with a pair of shoes . The person puts the shoes away , looks into the mirror , then runs off .
 There is a person standing at a closet . That same person puts on a sweater and a scarf , cuts the light off and leaves the room .
 a person is sitting on a pillow that is on the floor of the living room . They are sitting in front of the tv eating a sandwich , and getting angry at the show on the tv . They get so angry that they throw the half eaten sandwich at the television .
 A person is standing in a staircase with a blanket around their shoulders and looking at a book , and they sneeze , throw the blanket down on the floor , and descend the staircase and walk away .
 A person places things on a table while another lays down behind him , then looks at the television .
 A person is looking in the kitchen pantry . They take a couple of items and put them on the counter and take a picture of them .
 Two laughing people sit on the floor . They each hold a phone and play a game . One of them points to a picture on the wall .
 A person is sitting down at a table drinking coffee and playing with their phone then sneezing .
 Person is sitting on chair in dining room and looks at groceries and starts smiling .
 A person pouts a bag onto a desk and then sits down . The person then hugs a small mirror in front of them , then stands up and walks away .
 This person is standing in a room with one chair . The person sits in the chair momentarily , then gets up and looks out the window . The person is looking for something outside the window . The person leaves the room .
 A person plays with a towel and rubs it on their neck while pacing back and forth . They then take off their shirt and throw it .
 A person takes a drink of juice as they are tidying up their pantry . A few drops spill onto a cookbook on the edge of a shelf . They pick up a towel and wash it off .
 A person is sitting in bed and sneezing . The person gets up and puts their shoes on . Next the person begins to wash a vacuum with a towel .
 A person sits in the doorway to the laundry room , sorting a box of clothes . The person smiles as they pull out a certain article of clothing .
 There is a person picking up and hugging a vacuum . There is another person holding onto a door and playing with the doorknob .
 Two people are in a bedroom . One is laying on the ground doing homework , while the other stands in the doorway eating a sandwich .
 A person walks into the dining room , carrying a vacuum cleaner . The person sets the vacuum down , takes a book from the table , and leaves .
 A person is sitting on a sofa with a blanket wrapped around them watching television .
 A person sits on the floor and then stands back up . They open the door , walk through , close the door , and then they come back in and walk .
 A person is sneezing into the mirror and then leaving a bag on the floor in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person sprays a cleaner on their door and wipes it with a towel . They put the cleaner back on the shelf and tidy it up .
 A person is sitting on the bed grasping a pillow . The person smiles and stands up and throws the pillow onto the side table .
 A person approaches the bottom of an indoor staircase , holding a book and a blanket . The person lies down with their back to the floor and puts their head on the bottom stair using the blanket as support . The person then holds the book up and reads for a moment .
 The person is holding a camera and eating a sandwich . The person is waving the camera around . The person puts the camera down . The person walks out of the room
 The person is sitting in a chair at the table examining the sandwich on a plate then the person picks up the sandwich and then puts it down then picks it up and takes a bite and then picks up a bag from off the table and then puts it in a bag and throws it on the table while still chewing .
 A person in the bedroom is laughing and smiling because they just realized that the desk is blocking the door .
 A person climbs up on a chair and puts dishes on a shelf . The person sneezes and smiles .
 Two people are laughing as they finish up their sandwiches and glasses of wine at the dinner table . They then get up to leave the room .
 A person accidentally dropped food on the floor while gathering the dishes . That person started laughing non-stop while running toward the far end of the table to get paper towels .
 Person pouring coffee down the toilet and putting the cup on top of the toilet before sitting down on chair to unlace boots .
 Person A is in a study on a laptop doing homework . Frustrated with the assignment , person A grasps at a nearby table-weight and fixes it upright . Smiling in doing so , since the simple things in life matters .
 A person is in a laundry room playing with the light switch turning it on and off , they then hold their camera phone in their hand and start looking at pictures .
 A person is snuggling on the couch with a comfy pillow . The person pours themselves a drink and opens a book to start reading .
 The person walks up to the shelf while holding a broom , and rearranges them on the counter . The person then picks up a glass of water and pours the water into a pot on the stove . The person then picks up a bowl and sets it back on the counter .
 A person is sitting on a sofa holding and squeezing a pillow . The person puts down the pillow and picks up a camera and begins to play with it .
 The person is wrapped in a blanket and walks into the kitchen . The person opens the cabinet door and sneezes . The person takes the medicine out of the cabinet , sneezes , and reads the medicine . The person walks out of the kitchen with the medicine .
 After closing the curtains near the desk , a person sits on a chair near the doorway to open book and unexpectedly discover that a picture has fallen from it which is now lying on the floor .
 Two individuals wearing plaid shirts stand in a room , one sweeps the floor in circles as the other sips from a coffee mug and watches .
 A person walks over and adjusts a chair . The person then picks up a piece of clothing , opens a cabinet and puts the clothing on a shelf in the cabinet . The person then takes a shirt out of the cabinet and starts to put it on .
 A person tidies some items on a table . The person folds a blanket and places it on the couch . They leave the room , closing the door behind them .
 A person finishes a phone call and is laughing . The person is leaving the dining room and turns off the light on the way out .
 A person is standing in a bathroom while holding a cup in front of the mirror and the person sneezes two times .
 A person is standing over the sink . The person carries a bag into the dining room and sets it on the table before sitting down and pouring himself a drink .
 A person is laying in bed . They sit up and holding their head then sit on the edge of the bed before standing up and closing the door next to their bed .
 A person is running in holding a bag . The person puts it down and , sitting on a chair , begins to reach for the cabinet .
 A person gets some water to drink from the sink . They turn off the faucet , reach under the sink , and take a bag out .
 A person with a dish in hand , opens a cabinet and puts it in , then with a towel cleans both doors of the cabinet .
 A person is standing and playing with a phone . Another person is sitting on the floor . That person is also tidying up some clothing .
 A person is standing near the doorway that leads into a house and undressing , then the person is putting their outwear away in a wardrobe or cabinet .
 A person is sitting in a chair talking to a close friend , holding the phone tight against their face .
 A person picks up clothes off the chair and gets dressed . The person finds a phone in the pocket and throws it on top of the chair .
 A person is sitting in a chair and eating a sandwich . The person stands up , still eating , and walks over to their desk .
 A person standing by a desk , taking a jacket off . Then picking up a bottle of something , taking a sip and then appears to be pouring it out .
 A person is sitting in a chair looking at a laptop . They pick up a medicine bottle , take some out and put the bottle down . Then they pour water into a glass and drink it while taking the medicine . They stand up and leave .
 The person picked up a pair of shoes from the floor next to a mirror . The person then took the shoes into a closet and placed them in a box . The person left the closet .
 A person is pouring some water into a pan that is on a stove . After a few second of pouring , the person turns the stove on and walks over to a box set on the counter . The box is then opened up and the person pulls out a bottle of medicine .
 A person , on the bed , is smiling while closing the laptop . Then taking a bagel from the box begins eating breakfast in bed .
 A person is seen closing a box after taking out some pictures . They then sit down on the sofa and then start laying on it .
 A laughing person is drinking some coffee from a glass . They pick up a bag of groceries and some food and walk out the room through an open doorway .
 A person eats a snack , then takes a cellphone picture with it before leaving the room .
 A person opens a cabinet and takes out a paper plate and a loaf of bread . The person places two slices of bread on the plate and begins to make a sandwich .
 A person is standing in front of a door holding a dish , and eating a sandwich . The person looks around and leaves .
 Person sitting on couch with coffee and looking at phone and then decides to grab a pillow and throw it before getting up and leaving the room .
 A person opens a door and enters the garage through a doorway . Walks down stairs and across the room to pick up a broom then walks laboriously back up the stairs with it and through the doorway again then closes the door .
 A person sits down in a chair and immediately takes their shoes off . When done , the person stands up and closes a cabinet door .
 A person sat down in front of a television . The person then began to pretend to play a game . The cat , not being fooled , walked into the frame and ruined the video .
 The person picks up a bag and begins throwing articles of clothing into a sink . The person takes some laundry detergent from a cabinet and places it on the counter .
 A person is laughing on the stairs . Then a person is leaving after picking up a box and broom off the stairs .
 A person is walking across the room to sit in the chair . The person works on the computer . The person gets up and goes into another room . The person turns on the television .
 A person picks up a bag and throws the book from it on to a bed . They pick up the book and leave the room , walking up a flight of stairs with it .
 A person is dressing and sneezing then they begin undressing . The person then attempts the turn the doorknob .
 The person stands in the doorway holding a box as the person examines something small and shiny that looks like a drinking glass .
 A person is looking at something , then she picks up the glass and pour something in another glass , then she picks up the mobile and start looking at it and shake the chair and looks at the mobile .
 A person is sitting at the table with food in front of them . The person pours a cup of coffee . The person picks up a camera and laughs as the person looks at photos loaded onto it .
 A person picks up a pillow and starts snuggling with it . The person then drops the pillow and walks away . The person walks back into view , comes over , and grabs the camera .
 A person was in the bedroom lying on a sofa when another person was vacuuming the floor . After the second person finished vacuuming , they left , closing the door behind them .
 A sneezing person runs into a room and grabs homework . They walk to another room and put on their shoes .
 A person plays with a tablet while sitting on a bed , takes a bite of a sandwich , then pours out some medicine and drinks it before standing to turn off the camera .
 A person is sitting on a bed with a book and a sandwich . The person tucks the book away and begins putting the sandwich together .
 A person working on a vacuum cleaner on a floor .The person lays it on the floor and starts to take the bottom off .The person starts laughing and puts a tool on a shelf .
 A person holding a dish with food on it while standing by a table .
 A person is standing in the dining room , laughing at something on television . The person turns off the television and walks through the doorway , leaving .
 There is a person sitting on the stairs holding a box , That same person closes the box and sits it down beside them . That same person then picks up a picture .
 A person watches a video on their laptop . They then close it and pick up their phone . After scrolling to an app , the person begins to laugh .
 A person is sitting in a hallway grasping vacuum as the person tries to clean a portion of the floor . The person has to move a chair to be accurate .
 A person walks into the living room , holding a bag of clothes . The person throws down the bag and sits on a chair .
 A person is washing a window in their recreation room . The person opens the window , closes it , then puts their cleaning supplies down on a nearby shelf .
 A person is opening the door to the kitchen and walks toward a window . Another person is sitting at the kitchen table holding a bag .
 A person is standing in a pantry taking groceries from a bag and putting them on a shelf , they are holding a sandwich and take a bite of it .
 A person is talking on the phone as they walk over to a stool . They open the fridge and start putting some bottles inside it that were on the stool . Then they close the fridge and walk away .
 A person walks into their recreation room while talking on the phone . They walk to the window and look outside before closing the window .
 Person carrying box of laundry detergent , puts a scoop of detergent into washing machine , closes lid , walks out , places box on table
 The person pours water into a cup from a sink . The person drinks some of the water , and dumps the rest out back into the sink .
 A person is holding a pencil and sitting on a chair in front of a desk while flipping through some paper and writing on it . The person then proceeds to pick up a glass of water and have a drink from it .
 A person is tidying up a shelf . The person is seeing the clock 's reflection in the mirror and is running to the door and is turning the doorknob .
 A person stands in the living room drinking coffee . Smiling , they walk over to the doorway and leave , closing the door behind them .
 A person sitting in a walk in closet sneezes and accidentally drops a picture they were holding . They stand up , pick up an empty glass , and leave the closet .
 A person is smiling as they sit in their basement holding their homework . They set the homework down , stand up and grab some clothes as they leave through the doorway .
 A person is laughing while cooking on the stove and looking at their phone at the same time .
 A person sits in a chair with a bag and then sneezes . The person gets up and goes and cooks on a stove .
 A person is checking themselves out and is smiling in the mirror . The person then starts tidying the bathroom counter and starts vacuuming .
 Person sitting on steps , untie shoes , takes it off and put it in box near steps . Person then gets up , walks towards doorway , walks in another room and closes door .
 A person is standing in a living room . The person is drinking from a mug . The person looks at a picture on the wall and smiles .
 A person is sitting on a pillow on a chair , while a cigarette . The person stands up and takes his shirt off . They walk to the other side of the room to flick a switch .
 A person runs into a closet , moves a glass form one place to another on a shelf , and then takes a photo of the glass with their cell phone . The person then walks out of frame .
 The person takes off their shirt in the bathroom , places it on the sink , then takes a box off the shelf .
 One person grasping a laptop watches from the door as another person is undressing with a pile of clothes nearby . Then the first person leaves .
 A person is dressing in the laundry room by putting on their shoes . The person then grabs a sandwich from the table and starts eating it .
 A person in the basement is sitting down in a chair that is next to a window . They start laughing and smiling because they are watching a funny video on their phone .
 Someone is sitting on a blanket on the floor and drinking from a glass as he flips through a book .
 A person is carrying a box through a door way and sets it on atable . The person then takes out some items from the box and sets them on the table next to the box .
 A laptop sits on the cabinet a person is walking in , sneezing then is seen grasping the laptop and lying down on the sofa .
 A person is sitting on a staircase with a blanket . They rummage through several stacks of paper and stack everything in one pile .
 A person walks in through a door with a bag while holding a cup of coffee , they set the bag down and get another bag and open a cupboard while smiling .
 A person is cooking at a stove in a kitchen . The person then goes to the sink and washes some dishes . The person then sits in a chair .
 A girl stands and begins to undress before reaching into the closet behind her and removing clothes , which she begins to put on , still standing there .
 A person is cooking food on the stove . Then a person is throwing a broom out of the kitchen because it was going to be in the way .
 A person is walking around with a cell phone pressing his fingers on the screen . The person puts the phone on a shelf . The person picks up two pieces of a food item .
 A person is sitting down and eating something . The person then picks up a phone and starts talking .
 A person is holding a glass mirror and then lying a towel on the cabinet in the bathroom .
 A person walks into the living room and takes garbage from a table and places it onto a plate . Then the person proceeds to pick up another plate , and walk out of the living room into the kitchen .
 A person is sitting on a chair while looking at a laptop on a nearby table . The person then plays with the laptop .
 A person is sitting on a bed while putting things into a backpack . A second person is standing on a bed while fixing a picture on the wall .
 The person walks to the table and takes off a sandwich , then turns around and takes a book off the table as well .
 Two people are cooking food in the kitchen . Person # 1 is stirring a pot . Person # 2 is grilling a sandwich . Person # 1 is smiling .
 A person carries a towel from the living room into the dining room . They pick up a sandwich from the table , walk back into the living room , and take a bite . The person fidgets with the towel for a second , takes another bite , puts the remainder of the sandwich back on the table and walks towards the camera to turn it off .
 A person sits at a table laughing at a laptop . This person then gets up and throws things on the floor from the table .
 Person bending down picking up clothes from bed and throwing it on the other side . Person is holding a broom under his arm .
 A person is running towards their pantry . They pick up some groceries and a pillow that are inside the pantry , but then decide on leaving the pillow in the pantry and then close the door of the pantry .
 A person walks over to the refrigerator and takes out some food and begins eating it , they then get a bottle of water and take a drink .
 A person picking up a bag of clothes , turns and walks back across the room and turns off the light . The person proceed to leave the room .
 A person was sitting in a chair in the kitchen . They then got up and rearranged some cups in a cabinet . The person then left the kitchen .
 A person runs into their dining room , puts their coffee on the table , and takes off their shoes .
 One person snuggling a blanket throws the blanket at another person , who then closes a laptop and grasps the edge of the door .
 A person awakening in their bedroom then they take a picture with their camera . A person removes their blanket and they sneeze .
 Someone in their kitchen , rolls up a plastic bag and opens up a cabinet and organizes and closes it .
 In a bedroom a person attempts to do a handstand on a bed , the person then waves arms behind their back and into the air frantically . The person then bounces and lays flat onto the bed . The person then attempts to hump the bed . The person then attempts to perform the snake on the bed . The person turns around on the bed , then gets up and reaches to turn on the television . The person lays back onto the bed and watches television .
 A person goes the fridge and opens it they take out the milk and cheese they pour the milk in a pan and put the cheese in and cook it on the stove .
 Person in doorway looking at pillow . Then closes door , grabs pillow then looks at floor , then hold pillow with two hands .
 A person is holding shoes as they stand in a walk-in closet . The person then grasps the doorknob and leaves the closet .
 A person sits in the basement , folding clothes . The person throws the stack of clothes onto a pillow .
 A person walks over to the tv set and mess around with it then they walk out of the room then they come back into the room .
 Person takes off shoes and starts making a sandwich in the kitchen . Person begins smiling after finishing sandwich , and then starts tidying up the counter .
 A person is standing and takes a laptop out of a box . Then the person closes the box .
 The person is sitting at a desk in front of a laptop and trying to open a box .
 A person is taking a chair out of the entryway . Then a person is fixing part of the doorway that was near where the chair had been .
 A person closes the door to their house 's entryway . The person puts down their laptop , then leaves through the door from which they entered .
 One person takes something from a shelf and pours while another sits holding a glass .
 The person opened some cabinets and took out a roll of paper towels . The person set the paper towels on a table . The person then closed the cabinets and walked away .
 A person is holding their phone . The person leaves the room , throwing the phone onto the bed next to their camera .
 A person standing in a kitchen and sneezing while washing dishes , then the person picks up a cup of coffee and drinks .
 A person is eating a sandwich . A person then takes a towel and starts cleaning . A person then walks through a doorway .
 There is a person standing at the kitchen sink , they get themself a glass of water while looking out the window , then they turn there back towards the sink and plays on a phone
 A person takes a step towards a door , grabs the doorknob and quickly releases it while taking a step backwards .
 A person is at the front door holding a box they ring the door bell another person answers the door the person with the box walks in .
 One person is standing in a doorway and another person is sitting in a chair outside the doorway . The person in the doorway swings the door back and forth and the person in the chair swings their leg . The person from the doorway walks out of the picture .
 A person is picking some clothing up off of the floor in the dining room . The person places them in the closet and fiddles with some items on the table .
 A person is playing on the phone . The person then walks over to a laptop and works on it .
 One person walks into the room and cleans up some shelves , while another person is doing work at a desk on a computer .
 A younger person appears to be cleaning a table with a mitt on while an older person is sitting at the table and drinking out a glass .
 A person take food and a book off a box and opens it . The person finds a pair of shoes in a box and takes them out .
 A person is smiling at a picture while undressing and taking off shoes next to a wardrobe in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a bag they open the bag take out some food and eat while another person comes over with a glass of water they take a drink walk behind the person with the bag and dump out their water .
 a person opened and then closed a door . the person then stood for a moment and then sneezed .
 A person is lying down on the bed . A person wakes up , and starts to look at themselves in the mirror . A person then drops the mirror on the bed .
 The person is walking back and forth as they talk on a cell phone , while drinking coffee from a cup .
 Person is sitting down on a bed eating out of a bag while watching television .
 A person is in a kitchen watching a television show on their phone , they then smile and turn off the light as they walk away .
 A person is standing in the kitchen next to the stove . Then the person twists the doorknob and leaves the kitchen .
 A person is seen closing a door in the doorway . They start running past the door and pick up a cup of coffee .
 A person sweeps the floor with a broom while another stands holding a laptop , then after the floor is cleared , they place it on the floor .
 A person seated at a table works on a laptop then stands while still looking at the laptop .
 One person is sitting on the couch , holding a book , and rocking like they are sick or cold . Another person comes and sits down next to the other person and lays her head down on the coffee table/desk .
 Person opening a box , looking through it , taking some clothes out , and then leaves the room .
 A person sits on a bed and puts a laptop into a bag . The person stands up , puts the bag on one shoulder , and walks out of the room .
 A person is walking down the stairs with a box , at the end of the stairs the person pulls out a phone .
 A person takes a bottle and walks into a bathroom . They are setting the bottle down , then throwing the bottle into the trash .
 A person is sneezing . The person then walks over , takes a blanket and wraps himself in it . The person then takes a bottle of medicine and fiddles with it .
 A person walks into the living room , carrying a blanket and a pillow . The person puts the items down , grabs a towel , and leaves the room .
 A person is cooking food on a stove they then take a medicine bottle and open it to put it in the food they are cooking .
 A person is fixing a sandwich in the pantry . The person laughs as they take a drink from a glass of water , then leaves through the doorway .
 A person is walking up the stairs while eating a sandwich . The person sets the sandwich down on a desk and grabs a camera . The person then walks down the stairs with the camera .
 A person is grasping their shoes as the person pulls them off . Then the person walks to the television and begins sitting down on the floor in front of it .
 A person walks into the study talking on the phone . They go sit in the chair and start taking notes .
 Person A is in a walk-In Closet tidying up the linens . Seeing a favorite sheet , Person A stops and smiles , sets the sheet into a box and grabs a nearby broom .
 A person is sitting at the desk in the study . The person opens a drawer and pulls out a mirror . The person looks in the mirror then throws it back in the drawer and closes it .
 A woman carrying a black pillow appears and begins to walk down stairs . She walks down five stairs , kicks off her shoes and turns to go back up the stairs .
 A person turns a doorknob opening up the door to a home office . The person smiles as they look out the window into the beautiful sunset .
 A person enter the room holding a broom . Then they walk out of the room .
 Person opens refrigerator grabs sandwich then opens panty and starts pouring juice into a cup .
 A person is standing in a doorway holding a towel when they begin snuggling the towel and smiling .
 A person walks into the living room and takes some sips of something in a glass , then walks back out of the living room .
 A person is standing reading a book in a garage , after finishing the person proceeds to leave the area .
 a woman is holding two cups of tea and pours one from one to another . a man holds and orange and prepares to eat his food while sitting on a chair
 A person is sitting in a chair . The person picks up a pillow off the floor and throws it across the room . The person then grabs a blanket from the floor and cuddles it .
 A person is standing in front of their wardrobe . The person is eating a sandwich while drinking a glass of water .
 A person is running through the door then is resting in the doorway . Then they are closing the door while looking at their phone
 A person stares at the camera and waves a phone at the camera . The person then closes the curtain to a window and leaves .
 the person sit in the chair put glasses , cleaning the mobile phone with some fear
 A person runs into the garage , holding a camera . The person takes a picture of something , then washes their camera screen with their shirt sleeve .
 A person is sitting by a coffee table then take a drink of water before eating a sandwich .
 A person is snuggling a blanket on a sofa and watching television .
 A person walks into a closet and throws a sandwich in the trash . That same person then leaves the room .
 A person puts some clothes in the washing machine , then closes the door . The person takes out their phone and begins playing with it .
 A person stands near a sofa , grasping a towel . The person folds the towel and sets it down on the sofa .
 A person cooking in the kitchen sneezes into the crook of their arm . They begin putting a blanket into their refrigerator , when they realize what they are doing , and put away something that actually goes into the refrigerator instead .
 A person is sneezing into a towel while another person is watching a pillow .
 A person is standing by the dryer with a camera they mess with box and fold some laundry they rearrange the laundry and stoop down to look at their phone .
 One person stands in front of a television on a shelf smiling and laughing .
 A person opens their laptop to do their work . They take a bite of their sandwich , sneeze , and than return to their laptop .
 A person stands in the dining room , drinking a glass of water . The person moves some clothes that are on the shelf , then sets the glass down in the cleared space .
 A person takes off their coat and hangs it on a chair then they close the window and pick some dishes up off of the table as they walk away .
 A person is standing on a stairway holding a broom and playing with a small stuffed toy .
 A person is lying on a sofa , they then sneeze and get up and walk into the kitchen and open the refrigerator . They take out some food and begin eating it while smiling
 A person stands in the living room eating some food and talking on the phone . They reach over and grab a blanket from the sofa and begin folding it , then place it back on the sofa .
 A person is jogging in place in the kitchen . The person walks to the refrigerator and opens the door . The person takes a sandwich from the refrigerator and eats it .
 A person holding a book and wearing shoes enters a pantry . They take a shaker of black pepper out of the pantry . The person smells the pepper and then sneezes .
 A person walks into the laundry room and turns on a light . They are smiling as they search through a box of dishes . They select a plate and grasp it as they exit the room .
 The person is pouring some fluid out of a spray bottle ( with its spray nozzle removed ) into the sink . That person then picks up the hair dryer and wraps the electrical cord around it and then does the same to the curling iron . Some other person comes running into the bathroom .
 A person is holding hands with another person , they are both sitting in chairs . One person takes a pillow and hits the other person with the pillow .
 Person opens up the door go into the bedroom sneeze and then proceed to look around .
 A person picks up their shoes and laptop as they walk while laughing towards the door .
 A person is washing their shoes in a sink , while holding a towel at the same time .
 A person undresses in front of a mirror . The person takes some clothes from a nearby table and begins dressing .
 A person watching tv , then a person picking something up off the ground and putting it in a closet . A person cleaning a window .
 A person is holding a picture while sitting at a desk . They put the picture down and begin tidying up their desk area .
 A person is descending a staircase while holding his cell phone and also a bag of what might be potato chips but I 'm not sure what 's in the bag .
 A person is looking at a cellphone while seated in the hallway . The person puts the cellphone down . The person picks up some clothing items .
 A person in their basement is watching some video on their phone while sitting on a sofa . They begin sneezing and then pull out some homework to work on .
 A person is standing in a kitchen , eating food from a plate . After taking a bite , the person holds the plate while pouring tea into a cup on the counter .
 A person is sitting on a sofa in a bedroom drinking a glass of milk . The person stands and grands their dish and leaves the room .
 A person is walking towards the chair . Smiling , the person sits down and begins watching television .
 A person is sitting on a sofa and picks up a towel . The person moves the towel around with their hands and rubs it on their face .
 First person is standing on floor and sneezing into blanket while other person is standing by window with groceries .
 A person is smiling as the person walks down the hallway , talking on the phone . The person plays with their hair as they walk through the doorway .
 A person is sitting on a toilet tying their shoe . The person grabs a plate from the cabinet and holds a sandwich on it .
 A person is leaving their shoes standing straight up on a shelf .
 A person walks in through the front door , closes and locks it . The person then walks into the kitchen and places a small pot on the front burner and turns on the stove .
 A person walks in , sneezes and picks up a sandwich and plate from the couch . They eat the sandwich , put the plate back , pick up the vacuum and start to vacuum before leaving .
 The person is drinking from an orange mug and reading a yellow book as the person stands by the garbage can .
 Person pours coffee into cup , then walks to window starts drinking coffee while looking outside window , then walks to refrigerator and opens refrigerator 's door .
 A person sits at a table fixing a speaker . They take a sandwich from a plate on the table , eat some and then put it back on the plate .
 A person walks to a box in a laundry room , opens a box , puts something in then closes it .
 A person is cooking at a stove . The open the refrigerator and start sneezing .
 A person in the kitchen is working on something on their phone . They are watching the door carefully . They pick up some shoes and a towel and place them onto a chair .
 A person is in the bathroom putting a glass down next to the sink . The person opens the medicine cabinet door and pulls out some medicine before leaving the room .
 A person walks into their closet putting a box of clothes on a shelf . They turn and run out of the room .
 A person smiles as they eat a sandwich and drink a cup of coffee on the stairs . The person runs up the stairs , leaving their food and drink behind .
 One person takes a pillow and some dishes from the room after watching another person opening and closing a phone .
 There are two people in this video , one is covering their face while looking into a mirror and the other is holding a camera , holding it backwards while taking a picture of both of them .
 Someone is walking through a door , then stands in the doorway eating a sandwich as another person plays on a laptop .
 A person taking items off a shelf and cleaning with a rag , another person standing at the counter watching .
 One person is watching a laptop and another person is throwing clothes at him in a home office .
 A person looks out the window as they have food cooking on the stove . The person walks over and grabs something out of the pan , eating it .
 A person walks over to a shelf and picks up a book and walks over to a couch and sits down with the book and begins to read through it .
 One person is vacuuming the floor and chair . The other person is holding a bag and making motions like he wants to sit in the chair when it is vacuumed .
 A person in their kitchen is undressing by taking their jacket off . They begin washing some dishes in their sink , while pouring some coffee out that they find in a glass nearby .
 A person walks into the laundry room and shoves clothes into the washing machine . They also put items that were on top of the dryer in the cabinet above the dryer .
 A person is in a kitchen . The person opens a drawer , takes out a towel , and closes the drawer . They turn on the light and leave .
 A person is lying on a bed sleeping . The person wakes up , takes off their shoes , and sits up .
 A person is lying on the living room floor holding a mirror . The person fixes their hair and puts the mirror down . The person gets up and takes the vacuum from the corner to the plug on the wall .
 Person A is sitting on a sofa eating and Person B is sitting down on the floor vacuuming the room .
 A person is washing a glass in the sink and another person is throwing a box in the trash .
 A person is laughing while on the phone in the laundry room . The person then walks over to some dishes to inspect them .
 A person drinks while sitting in a chair . The person then takes some dishes and puts them in the sink .
 A person peels a banana and eats it . They set it down on the table , pick up a mirror , tidy up the table , then grab a towel and clean the mirror with it .
 A person is putting clothes away in the dresser . Another person holding a picture twirls around the no purpose .
 Two persons are playing cards on the floor . One person takes all the cards and puts them back in the box and closes it . The person gets up and puts the deck of cards on the shelf next to a book .
 A person is looking out a window . Then they turn on and off a light switch . They reach up and take the light bulb from over head . They examine it and tap it with a screwdriver .
 A person sweeps the stairs while another person sits on the stairs wrapped up in a green blanket and sneezes multiple times .
 A person is sitting at the bottom of some stairs holding a bag and a towel in his lap while they sleep , and then wakes up .
 A person is standing in a doorway eating some food . The person puts down the food , then waves goodbye and walks through the doorway .
 There is a person cooking something on the stove . That same person then takes a broom and starts sweeping the floor .
 Person A is walking through an entryway smiling and laughing about a joke heard earlier . Person A walks through a doorway and turns on the television .
 Person grabs bag of rice from the pantry to cook on the stove . Person finds bug in pantry and starts watching it move on the shelf . Before leaving the pantry , the person kills the bug .
 The person sat on their bed eating some food . They set the food down , got up and looked out the window .
 A person is seen taking a broom from a closet . They begin laughing as they accidentally drop their broom on their bed .
 A person dresses in the doorway . The person laughs as they put on a pair of shoes .
 Someone walks into a dining room with a cup in their hand . They place the cup on the table and sit down on the floor where they begin picking up clothes .
 Two people on a sofa snuggle together while one holds a camera out to take a picture .
 A person sitting in front of mirror holding a bottle in a brown paper bag . The person takes the bottle and tips it up and drinks and continues to look at them self in the mirror and touches their chin .
 The person is looking out the window and smiling . They then walk to the sink and start sneezing .
 A person is walking into a room and taking some food from a shelf . The person pour some food into a bowl and throws the box away . The person then walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting in a chair , watching television and laughing . They hear a knock , so they stand up and go to their door .
 two people sit at a table . One is eating and one is reading . The one who is eating is also using a calculator .
 One person is wrapped in a blanket watching something on a laptop . Another person is throwing food at the person on the couch and laughing .
 A person goes into a storage area carrying something , angrily turns on the lights and carries a pillow downstairs . Then the person angrily swings the pillow around and throws the pillow on the floor . Then the person stomps back up the stairs .
 There is a person sitting on the floor looking at a picture . There is another person standing up talking to them .
 A person is sitting in a chair and smiling . Then they get up and go over to a counter . They move some food out of the way and then light a match . They use the match to light a burner .
 A person is cooking on the stove . They close a bag of rice and put it back on the shelf .
 A person opens the cabinet and takes out a glass of water . The person puts the water down on the table , then walks to the wall and looks at a picture hanging there .
 A person is sitting on a bed working on a laptop while holding something . Another person is walking around sweeping with a broom .
 Person walks to garage door then set 's laptop down , then throws clothing on floor .
 Person closes the door to the garage and walks toward the garbage bag on the floor . He then takes the garbage page and leave the garage .
 A person takes selfies while playing and holding a coffee cup and a book bag on a washing machine .
 Person is picking up glass from a laundry room floor . After picking up the large pieces of glass , they use a broom to finish sweeping it up .
 A person is standing at a stove cooking . The person puts something into a pot , and then uses a towel to open a jar .
 A person awakens on a chair in the closet , covered in a blanket . The person quickly throws the blanket off of them and runs out .
 A person is working on their laptop at the desk . The person takes a drink from a cup of coffee , and grasps the cup while they walk to the window to gaze outside .
 A person sneezes into a paper towel . The person leaves the bathroom , turning off the light behind them .
 A person is washing clothes while playing games on their phone . Then the person puts away their phone and , closing the cabinet , exits the laundry room .
 A person is undressing in a laundry room laughing while looking out the window and holding their phone .
 A person is cooking then turns down the television and picks up the phone . The person then continues to cook while holding the phone in between their shoulder and their head .
 After running into the room a person is confronted by a mess . The person starts cleaning , washing a rag to wipe down the desk top , using the broom and the vacuum .
 Person A is in a kitchen cooking a meal . Person A looks into a nearby bag of groceries , takes out an item to cook and gets a glass of water .
 The person takes the vacuum out of the closet and closes the door . They watch their phone screen while vacuuming the hall .
 A person sits on a bed and snuggles a pillow . The person then stands and goes to the closet . The person puts on a jacket , takes another jacket , and leaves the room .
 A person is laughing in the kitchen next to the stove and there is a pillow on the floor . Then the person starts undressing .
 A person is smiling in the entryway while putting their shoes on the shelf .
 A person is seen tidying up their area with a broom . They start taking a box down from a shelf and look inside of it .
 A person opens a closet and removes a jacket . The person then removes a green towel from the closet , and waves before walking away .
 A person is holding a sandwich then processds to sneeze next to a table .
 A person drinking a glass of water walks down the stairs . At the bottom they sit down to take off their shoes and sneeze while untying the laces .
 A person awakens in bed . They slowly sit up and check their phone that was sitting on a nearby table . Holding the phone , they get up , leave , and close the door behind them .
 A person is standing in a dining room . The person moves a chair over , picks up a laptop from the table , and places the laptop in a bag . The person then smiles and cheers .
 A person is holding a cup of coffee while talking on the phone . The person puts the cup of coffee down and begins tidying the dining room table . The person starts to laugh and is smiling .
 A person in a closet is fixing a broom that fell apart . The break a glass and start laughing .
 A person is seen grasping some groceries . They turn on a light and start fixing their hair .
 A person sits at a desk looking at a computer , then leans back and takes their shoes off , and eats some food and looks at the computer screen .
 A person turns on a light .The person starts running around a chair several times in a sweat shirt and pants in complete circles .
 A person sits at a table reading a book . The person then stands up and places the book into a box on the table while closing it .
 One person with hair in a towel walks around the room with a vacuum , then runs out .
 A person sitting a desk pauses from the homework and takes a picture from the table that has been knocked over by some clutter . They fix the mess and put the picture back on the table .
 The person is walking across a living room . The person picks up a pillow from the sofa and sits down on the sofa . The person puts their head back , as if upset , then hugs the pillow .
 A person is sitting on the stairs typing on a laptop , takes out a notebook and writes .
 Person is standing in bathroom reading book , then walks towards sink and starts pouring water out of glass dish into a sink .
 The person runs in the living room with a pile of clothes in arms . The person picks a picture up from a table and looks at it . Then the person places the pile of clothes on the sofa .
 A person is fixing a sandwich at the desk . Then , taking their sandwich with her , the person walks to the doorway and puts their hand on the doorknob .
 A person is standing by a door eating food out of a container . The person then opens the doorway .
 A person is eating a sandwich , while another person is standing , while the other person walks through the door .
 One person runs into the entryway with a towel and starts tidying up a mirror hanging there .
 A person dresses in a blanket while another person sits on a bed and repeatedly stinks their head into a bag while laughing .
 The person enters the bathroom , then picks up a cup and fills it with water from the sink . Then the person dumps the water out of the cup back into the sink , and finally picks something up from the sink and walks out of the bathroom with it .
 A person is sitting on the sofa with a towel on their head . A person then turns on a light . A person then opens a medicine bottle , and take some medicine .
 A person runs into their pantry holding a bottle of medicine . They grab the doorknob and close the door while watching a video on their phone .
 A person is sitting at a desk , working on a computer next to their phone . After a few seconds , the person stands up , picks up an orange bag , and places it further down the table before walking to the door .
 One person with a cup of coffee opens a laptop at a desk , watches something and laughs .
 One person is eating food at a chair with a pillow on it when another walks in and starts tidying with a broom .
 A person is looking in the bathroom mirror and fixing their clothes . The person then walks towards the door , removes a wallet and takes out a picture . The person looks at the picture for a moment and then puts it back and continues to look through the wallet .
 Person is lying on couch with laptop . Person is watching out window .
 A person turns on he light , walks into a wardrobe and takes a box . They then turn off the light and leave .
 A person is drowsy and still awakening from bed . The person is sitting on top of the bed and taking their morning medicine and drinking from their morning cup of coffee .
 A person is walking into a garage . The person is carrying a book and a phone . The person places the phone and books on the chair . The person laughs .
 A person sitting in the living room with a plate of food and a glass . Another person walks in with a box and sneezes on the first person 's food .
 A person opens a cabinet in a kitchen and starts grabbing things from a basket one at a time . The person puts the things from the basket in the cabinet , and closes the cabinet .
 A smiling person begins undressing . They throw their clothes on to a nearby desk , and then pick up a blanket from their sofa . They throw the blanket on top of a vacuum cleaner .
 The person walks into the kitchen , kicking off their shoes as they enter the room . Standing at the counter , they go through the mail and put on a pot of coffee .
 A person runs through the doorway . The person pauses and stands there for a moment , before running back out and turning off the light behind them .
 The person is sitting on a bed covered in a blanket . The person is texting on a phone . The person puts the phone down on the bed .
 A person turns out a light , and then sits on the bottom step of a flight of stairs , eating some snack food while they watch media on their laptop .
 A person is standing outside the kitchen , carrying a plate of food . The person looks in through the door , enters the kitchen , and places the plate with the food next to the sink .
 A person in their home office is sitting on the sofa while looking into the mirror . They are watching some video on their phone while drinking from a glass of water .
 A person is putting on their shoes in the garage . The person adjust their clothing and walks out of the garage .
 A person is drinking from a cup before putting the cup on a table and walking away .
 A person playing with their phone reaches for a cup and a towel . They use the towel to wipe their face and set their phone on a chair .
 A person sits in a chair in the laundry room , watching their clothes in the dryer . The person is eating food .
 A person takes out their phone and begins laughing at something . The person uses the camera on their phone to take a picture of something .
 A person is standing and watching television while laughing , they then take a paper from a desk .
 A person interacted with some food then placed it on a plate . The person then sat at a chair . The person then began consuming the food .
 A person in their recreation room is eating some food while holding a glass of water . They are holding a towel in their right hand , and eventually begin throwing the towel towards the window .
 a person is placing groceries and food in a washer and dryer while drinking a glass of wine . afterwards they lie on the ground and sing row row row your boat .
 A person looks out of their window while eating a snack while standing in their living room .
 A person is holding a bowl and some dishes and walks through the room . A second person is sitting on the couch and talking on the phone .
 A person is using a vacuum . They find a box by the door , and close it . Then they begin cooking .
 A person is lying on a sofa with their head on a pillow . The person suddenly sneezes and then lifts up their head to look out a window .
 A person is seen throwing groceries on the counter . They begin opening a bag and pull out some shoes
 A person wearing a black jacket , jeans , and flip flops , is looking into a small closet under a stare case , with a flashlight .
 The person is walking around their bedroom talking on the phone while holding a sandwich . They try to open a cabinet but it is closed .
 A person runs into the bathroom , closing the door . The person sits in a chair and puts on a pair of shoes .
 A person stands in a room holding a camera . Another person walks into the room and the first person hands them a camera . They take the camera and prepare to take a picture while the other person sneezes as they begin to pose for the picture .
 Some people are in the kitchen together opening the doors to the cabinets . They remove bottles from the cabinets . One person inspects the bottle and walks away . The other person strokes their hair .
 One person runs into the room with a box , then stands in front of a table with a picture on it .
 A person sitting in a chair gets up to look for something while holding a bottle of water , sits back down , then gets up again to peer out a window .
 The person is holding a book while stiring something on the stove . Then the person closes the book and then walks over to a cabinet and puts the book inside the cabinet and walks back over to the stove .
 A person is playing games on the laptop and then becomes irritated and decides to throw coffee beans all over the floor .
 Two people are in the video . They are mostly pacing around . One is playing with something
 The person opens the door and enters the room holding some papers . The person walks to the desk and throws the papers down onto the desk . The person walks in a circle and returns to the desk . The person turns the papers around and reads them .
 A smiling person walks to the pantry door , then places a bag on the shelf . The person stands there for a moment looking at all the food .
 A person is fixing the table in the bedroom . Then they stand by the table , looking at a camera .
 A person runs into the laundry machine . The person grabs a glass , snuggles with it , puts it down and then snuggles with a pillow .
 A person carrying groceries enters the kitchen and sets a bag of groceries on the table before removing their coat and hanging it on a chair .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror holding up two different shirts . The person chooses one shirt and puts the other onto the sofa . The person gets dressed with their chosen shirt and walks out , turning off the light behind them .
 A person is standing in the doorway holding a sandwich in one hand and a blanket in the other . The person sneezes and puts the sandwich down to pick up a bottle of medicine .
 A person walks into the kitchen and takes some food out of the refrigerator . They eat the food and close the refrigerator before sitting down in a chair .
 A person is standing in the hallway , talking on the phone , and they look down at their shoes and laugh .
 The person vacuumed the floor near the door . The person set the vacuum down and grabbed a cup on the chair . The person sat down and drank .
 A person is working at the desk in the study . The person looks at a picture on the desk and gets up and grabs a blanket that is laying in the doorway . The person then closes the door .
 One person is looking at themselves in the mirror while the person in the background is taking a drink and watching the person in the mirror .
 A person takes some folded clothes from a closet and tosses them onto a chair .
 A person takes their phone out to check it , and smiles . The person walks through the doorway .
 A person eating a sandwich crouches next to a vacuum . The person fixes a vacuum cleaner .
 A person takes a towel off their shoulder , folds it , and then lays it on a table . The person then exits the front door .
 A person pours coffee into a mug and stands at the doorway drinking coffee . The person sneezes and then turns off the light .
 The person comes into view on the screen , sets down a sandwich , and sits down on a couch and gets on the computer .
 A person lying on a blanket on the floor awakens and sits up , running a hand through their hair as they do so . They pick up a camera and take a picture .
 The person was standing on a box , with the pillow inside . The person got off the box and started to close it .
 A person is pulling a shirt right side out in front of a mirror and putting it on , then they turn around and put clothes into a backpack .
 A person is sitting on a chair looking at a window . They then stand and grab a camera and throw it away .
 A person is sitting on the floor fixing a drawer , while another person stands nearby snuggling with a pillow .
 A person walks through the doorway of a bathroom and puts on a denim shirt . The person then reaches on a shelf , and looks at a bottle of prescription pills .
 A person is walking through the door and then standing and holding a blanket in the hallway .
 A person is washing their hands and face with water from a faucet . They pick up a bar of soap and scrub their hands and face , continue to rinse off . Then they take their shoes off and set them in a corner of the room .
 A person is sitting on a bed and then drinks from a cup and then lays down on the bed .
 A woman takes a cup off a table and walks to the sink with it , then begins gathering clothes off of the floor and putting them into a laundry basket .
 A person is sitting and cleaning chair at the same time . Another person is also sitting down and is on a computer .
 A person is sitting at a table reading a book . A person then puts the book down and takes a picture of themselves .
 A person is sitting on a couch typing on a laptop . The person then pours some medicine and sets it on the table .
 A person is sitting a desk reading a book . The person starts laughing , closes the book , gets up , and pushes in the chair before walking away .
 A person pours soda into a glass and drinks it , while another person is sitting on the floor putting stuff in a box .
 The person is standing and reading a book . The person grabs the book and places it onto a different counter . The person then searches for a different book and places it on top of the original book .
 A person is sitting on a pillow on the floor , looking at a cell phone . The person never looks away from the phone , and taps the screen several times .
 A person is sitting on a flight of stairs holding a camera . The person is smiling and watching a vacuum cleaner being used .
 A laughing person begins talking to a window . Another person lying on top of a blanket on a bed leans on a pillow .
 The person was fixing the television in their basement . As the person worked at the desk the person smiled at their progress .
 A person stands in the pantry grasping a broom . The person sets the broom down , picks up a pile of dirty clothes , and shakes their head in disbelief .
 A person opens a door and pulls a chair into the doorway . The person turns around and sits on the chair . Using a phone that the person had been holding , begins looking at the screen . The person then stands up and places the phone down , turns around and pulls the chair out of the doorway .
 A person comes in through the door carrying a bag they take off their jacket and put the bag down on a couch they sit down then they get back up and leave through the door .
 A person is sitting on the floor of the laundry room , watching TV , and playing with a mirror .
 There is a person cooking on the stove . That person taste the food . That same person leaves the room , touching the table on the way out .
 A person turns the doorknob and opens the door to their pantry . They grab a bottle of juice and pour some into a glass and begin drinking . They place the rest of the juice into the refrigerator .
 The person is sitting in a chair and holding a towel and a grocery bag full of cans . The person then starts to remove the cans from the bag and place them onto the floor one by one .
 A person is laughing and running while carrying a book and homework .
 A person is sitting on the sofa holding a phone and drinking a soda . The person begins talking on the phone and laughing . The person takes off their shoes , and goes to the door and opens it .
 Two people are sitting on a bed . Each person is drinking . While drinking , they slap hands . They then put the drinks on a table , and slap hands more .
 A person with a laptop walks into a room where another person is on a computer at a desk . They shut their laptop and place it on a couch . They pick up dishes from the couch and exit the room .
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a laptop they have a handheld mirror they sneeze then they stand up .
 A person is in the bathroom fixing their hair they sneeze and turn around and wipe their face on a towel then they through the towel on the floor and go over to a mirror and look in the mirror . And they hit the mirror .
 A person is looking out a window , they then go to closet and take out a box and run out of the room .
 A person sits in their home office , working at a desk with an open book in front of them . The person smiles and takes a bite of food .
 A person is holding a broom as the person sweeps in front of the wardrobe . Then , opening the cabinet , the person reaches in to grab something .
 The person looked out of the window while holding a rag . The person set the rag down and picked up a glass of water . They poured the water down the sink .
 A person walks to the sink and sneezes while washing dishes . They put the dishes down and dry their hands with a towel .
 A person picks a blanket up from the ground and places it on the bed . The person then sits briefly in a chair , picks up a shirt from the bed , and puts the shirt on .
 A person puts a plate of food on a table . Another person opens the door , walks through the room holding a pitcher of fluid .
 A person is smiling while sitting in a chair . They then get up and fill a cup with water from the sink before drinking it .
 A person stands on a table writing in a notebook . The person is smiling and laughing .
 A person is cooking on the stove in the kitchen while reading a book , then puts it onto the counter .
 A person is standing at the bottom of a set of stairs . The person is holding a laptop and a blanket . The person leaves the laptop on one of the stairs and continues up the steps still holding the blanket .
 A person throws a towel over their shoulder before holding and inspecting a broom .
 A person undresses in the bathroom . They begin washing themselves with a washcloth . They take a book from atop a shelf and walk out .
 One person is walking through the hall laughing with a phone in hand . Another is lying on a rug doing homework .
 A person walks into a room through a doorway holding a blanket yawning . They pick up a bowl from a table and walk away .
 A person walks to the pantry . They open the door and take out bread and put it on the table . They then grab a broom and sneeze .
 A person is review notes in their bed before snuggling up with a pillow .
 A person dragged a broom while walking up stairs . The person then picked up a shoe and placed it somewhere . The person then haphazardly swept the stair steps . Enough work being done for the day , the person then grabbed a phone and began playing with it .
 A person laughs in a mirror while holding a bag . The person opens the bag and eats some food .
 A person wearing a short-sleeved checkered shirt moves slightly to the right as another individual carrying an orange box passes by .
 The person walked into the room through the door , walked to sit down on the couch , moved something from the seat of the couch , sat down , and proceeded to have a sneezing fit .
 A person is standing by the refrigerator and smiling as the person removes food from it . Then , sneezing , the person closes the fridge and leaves , holding their food .
 A person sitting on a rolling desk chair stretches and yawns , takes a drink from a red cup and sits it down , then gets up and opens the closet door .
 A person holds a towel as they look out the window . The person takes a jacket from the desk and begins dressing .
 A person is standing in a kitchen in front of a stove watching a video on a laptop and laughing .
 A person is standing in a doorway while watching a television . The person starts removing clothes and then smiles .
 A person is playing with a picture they found on a table in their kitchen . They are grasping onto the picture very firmly as they hold it up to the light so that they can see the picture more clearly .
 A person sits in the garage , drinking a cup of coffee while reading a book .
 A person takes a shirt from their bed and puts it on . They then grab a backpack and put on one strap and take a couple steps to the doorwa to watch tv .
 A person standing in the kitchen looking out a window takes a drinkl of water
 A person enters their kitchen holding a book . They put the book on top of the refrigerator and sit on a stool at a counter .
 A person sitting on a bed stands up and puts a canvas bag into a box . The person then picks up the box and brings it outside and walks away .
 A person in the kitchen is running around while grasping a broom , as if they are looking for a mouse to swat . After being unable to find the mouse , they decide to leave the broom on top of a table and start fixing their hair .
 A person is standing on the stairs holding a laptop . The person begins walking down the stairs , picking up a book on the way .
 A person stands while holding a box and drinking some coffee . Another person begins undressing and looking at homework on a table in the background .
 This person is looking around in the kitchen , stares at a light , then sneezes , another person walks down the hallway carrying a phone and hands it to the first person .
 A person typing on a lap top sitting on a bed .The person looks at their cell phone at a text and starts laughing .
 A person puts on their shoes . The person then stands next to a table and begins eating a sandwich .
 A person is laying in bed writing in notebook . The person reaches over and grabs a french fry off a plate and eats it . The person then closes the notebook and reaches for a backpack and takes out a book .
 The first person in the video is cleaning a sink in a bathroom . The second person is organizing a bedroom .
 A person is standing and holding a camera . Then , throwing a pile of clothes onto the floor , the person sits on the chair .
 A person is working in the garage . They take some tools and put them on a shelf . They sneeze loudly which makes them laugh . They walk out the door and leave .
 A person is walking down the stairs while holding dishes to bring to the sink when they start sneezing on the way down .
 Person walks into room grabs book of table opens it reads and sneezes then drop book on table .
 A person is sitting while holding a glass and looking at a laptop . The person puts their shoe on the table and begins to play with their shoe with their hand .
 Person is in the laundry room with a towel on their shoulder , grasping a blanket . They place the blanket into the dryer and close the dryer door . They then leave the laundry room .
 This person is walking down a hallway with a pillow . They then began to fluff the pillow , then leave again down the hallway to a mirror .
 A person is standing in their bathroom looking in the mirror . The person is putting on their shoes and leaving the bathroom .
 A person smiles as they look at themselves in the mirror . Another person stands in the doorway and sneezes .
 A person is smiling at the person 's reflection in a mirror in the living room . The person sneezes and drops the bag that the person was holding .
 The person walked into the rec room , shut the door and threw the cell phone on the bar . The person then stood in front of the television and laughed at the show .
 A person sets a plastic box on the table , puts the top on the box , and picks up a glass . The person then pours the glass of water into the sink , places the glass in the sinks , and walks away .
 One person grasping a cup of coffee starts sneezing as another person with a phone watches .
 A person is sitting at a table eating a sandwich . while another person walks into the room and picks something up and starts to eat it .
 A person opens a refrigerator , and begins drinking out of a jug of milk before closing it .
 A person is drinking from a glass . The person puts the drink back in the fridge and close the door .
 A person is seen snuggling up while watching television . They begin opening a bag and take out food to eat , then turn off the light .
 A person stands shirtless in front of a mirror . The person proceeds to put a shirt on . The person then takes the shirt off again and walks away .
 A person is standing in their garage grasping a doorknob . The pull the door closed and walk to the window . they begin fixing the broken window lock .
 A person walks in holding a broom , shutting the door behind them using the doorknob . They start tidying up around the bed area .
 A person opens a door , enters the room smiling , closes the door and sits on the chair . The person then drinks from the cup .
 A person walks into a room , takes off their shoes , picks up a vacuum , and starts vacuuming
 A person is holding a box , and puts it on the floor . A person looks out the window , and laughs .
 A person is standing in the bedroom and throws clothes on the floor . The person then sits on the bed , takes a laptop from the floor , and tries to open it . The person gives up and sets it on the bed , and grabs a bottle of water from the floor . The person drinks the water .
 The person was undressing by the wardrobe . And the person was walking while talking on the phone .
 Person one is standing beside a cabinet with their hand on it while smiling . Person two walks through the room looking happily around walks into the other room .
 A person using a broom to clean a room starts to sneeze . After a few sneezes , the person smiles and heads out of the room .
 A PERSON WALKS FROM THE ROAD INTO A HOUSE AND ENTERS INTO MULTIPLE ROOMS . ANOTHER PERSON ENTERS INTO THE FRAME AND SNEEZES MANY TIMES .
 A person holding a bag walks up a stairway . They open the bag , look inside , close it and then put it into a cabinet .
 A person walks up some stairs with a coffee mug . The person stops to grab and book and drink some coffee . The person then continues up the stairs .
 A person is standing in front of a counter takes a sip from a glass . Afterwards , the person puts the glass down , takes off a jacket , and lies down on a bed next to a laptop .
 A person is washing their shoes as the person sits at their desk . Then , laughing , the person throws the shoes over by the vacuum in the corner .
 A person is watching a television while standing up in a garage . The person then sits down in the garage and eats a sandwich .
 A person walks into a room and picks up a glass off a shelf . They smooth their hair with one hand and take a drink with the other . They set the glass back on the shelf and gets a phone out of their pocket and looks at it .
 A person is tidying the groceries in the laundry room cabinet . The person is fixing all the can to stand upward .
 There is a person sitting in a window in some stairs . He takes out a book from his bag and begins flipping through it . He places the book on a chair .
 Two people are in a room . One person is standing holding a sandwich and sneezing and the other person is searching through a closet for something .
 One person was undressing while on the phone . The other was sneezing into a pillow .
 A person walks into the room and closes the door . They unbutton their shirt and take it off . Then they throw it on the floor . Then they pick it up off of the floor and put it on the bed .
 Person A and Person B are walking up the stairs . Person A is fixing their hair in a mirror and Person B is eating from a bowl on a bed .
 A person is eating in the kitchen while sitting in a chair . They look up the light then they start sneezing .
 A person sweeps the floor with a broom.The person the places the broom on a desk . The person then begins taking off a shirt .
 There is a person laying in bed . That same person wakes up , throw the pillow aside and stands up . That person then picks up a laptop and sits in a chair
 A person is sitting on the stairs , pouring coffee from a pot into a glass . Afterwards , the person puts the cup down , puts on a sweater , and picks up a book .
 A person sits down and puts something in a bag . The person then gets up and continues to ready his bag .
 A person walks into the room and picks up a glass of water from the shelf . The person sits on the bed and grabs a bottle of medicine from the bedside table , then takes some medicine and drinks the water .
 A person grabs laundry detergent off the table then places it on the shelf above the washer .
 A person goes to the fridge and takes out and opens a bottle of medicine . The person then gives the medicine to person # 2 . Person # 2 drinks the medicine .
 After tidying up , a person grasps for their wine glass as they sit down on the sofa holding their phone .
 A person smiles as the put a laptop and phone on the table . Next the person picks up a cup and begins drinking from it .
 A person smiles and takes a picture of themselves . The person throws the camera onto the bed and gets out their laptop .
 A person sat down on the sofa and ate a strawberry . Then the person took a drink from a cup . Lastly the person covered with a blanket .
 A person is smiling at a window while another person is standing on a bag .
 A person is looking at themselves in a mirror when they receive a call on their phone . The person answers and smiles while talking for a few seconds before having to pause and sneeze . They resume the conversation and soon hang up .
 A person is holding a towel . A person then opens a closet and put the towel , and their shoes in . A person then closes the door .
 A person sitting on a chair in front of the mirror starts laughing at his reflection . When the person is done laughing the person closes his eyes , lies down on the floor and goes to sleep .
 one person is on their laptop doing homework in the kitchen and another person is grasping a broom tidying up the floor .
 Person is putting cup of coffee next to food then starts smiling and drinking it .
 A person stands in the closet with their hair wrapped in a towel . They pour a glass of milk then eat a sandwich .
 A person is sitting on their sofa working on homework . All of a sudden they start sneezing and ca n't stop .
 A person sitting on a folding chair rummages through a box in front of them . The individual grabs a few clothing items from the box and places them on a nearby table before grabbing a phone and looking at it .
 A person is sitting on the edge of the tub with a towel on their lap . The person puts the towel over the shower curtain and picks up a book from inside the cabinet , then runs out of the room .
 A person puts their hat on a door . They take a jacket off and put it in a closet . They take something out of the closet and then turn the light off
 A person is standing in a doorway holding a blanket . The person throws the blanket on a chair .
 A person is sitting on a couch with a blanket around them talking on the phone . They put the phone down , drink from a cup , and grab a plate of food and start eating . Another person walks through the hallway in the background .
 A person running a vacuum around a table.The person proceeds to turn and look at them self in the mirror and smile .The person turns the sweep off and walks away .
 A person is sitting in the recreation room at the desk smiling while trying to fix the light .
 The person usually left the laptop on the dining room table , and was holding a cup of coffee and ready to do some homework .
 A person is closing a door while talking and another person is drinking coffee from a glass
 A person is fixing the leg of a table in their home office . Another person stands watching nearby , with a dish of food in their hands .
 a person holding a broom spins it around a few times . Another person sneezes several times .
 One person is standing on the stairs , talking on the phone and holding a bag of groceries .
 A person stands on the stairs , talking on the phone . The person goes to the top , where they take a blanket from the shelf and snuggle up to it .
 There is a person holding a phone.. Another person walks up with a camera and both people take a picture of each other . One person then leaves through a door .
 A person is awakening , then dressing , then sitting on a chair and finally eating a sandwich and doing homework in a bedroom .
 A person is looking at some food , with bending on a plate , he picks up the food and take a bite from it , start chewing it , again he take one full bite of it , then he picks up the plate and gets up from the floor and start walking back .
 A person walks into the living room with a bag of groceries . The person removes a salad from the grocery bag , sits down in a chair and begins eating .
 A smiling person runs into their closet holding a mirror and a glass .
 The person was cooking dinner while watching a cooking show on television . The person then started washing dishes .
 A person walks into a room holding a box . They put the box on the floor and pic up their shirt which they put on . Then they sit down on the couch and look at their computer screen .
 A person walks through the doorway , wrapped in a blanket and eating a sandwich . The person takes the blanket off and throws it onto a chair .
 A person sits on the stairs , twirling water in a glass . The person sneezes , then moves a curtain to look out the window .
 A person is lying on the floor and watching a video on their laptop . They reach for a pillow to place under their head and continue watching .
 A person takes a vacuum out of the closet and begins to tidy the closet . The person stands in the doorway of the closet and then replace the vacuum before closing the door .
 Person enters the room , sits on the couch , watches TV , drinks from cup , and gets up and leaves room
 the person is laying down on the couch snuggling with a blanket . The person is smiling . the person then grabs a bottle from the table .
 A person is walking down the stairs holding a sandwich and a glass of water . The person drinks some water and pours the rest into a house plant at the bottom of the stairs . The person grabs some clothes off the floor and leaves .
 A person is walking up the stairs , grasping a framed picture . Another person is running down the stairs and hits the picture frame with their arm and spills their coffee .
 A person standing at a stove cooking stirring a spoon in a pot . Turns walks over to the wall and turns on a light.The person proceeds to go back to the stove pick up some food and take a bite and lay it back down .
 The person folded clothing and threw them onto a chair . They then took a cup from a shelf and drank .
 A person in the kitchen was getting dressed for work while cooking . They ended by putting on their shoes and turning off the light .
 A person is opening a door and steps sideways through the doorway . Another person lies down and cuddles and talks to the head of a broom .
 A person is eating a sandwich while watching television . The person sets down their sandwich and begins folding a towel .
 A person is sitting on the staircase taking off their shoes . The person takes a box off the staircase and takes a camera out of it . The person inspects the camera .
 This person appears to be in their living room , sitting on the couch and posing for the phone camera to take a selfie .
 A person runs into the bathroom , and turns on the light . The person opens a drawer , removes something , then turns to doorknob to leave . The door will not open .
 A person laughs as they read something in a book . The person looks up into the mirror and sneezes .
 A person is finishing a tv show , smiling and shaking their head while turning off the television . The person then glances out the window before running up the stairs .
 The people both appear to be looking for something in their walk-in closet . One person reaches on a top shelf and pulls down a book , which they exit with . The other person is crouched down , looking through an open box , but does n't appear to find what they are looking for .
 A person in their kitchen is fixing their clothes because they look a little messy . Eventually , they take some medicine from a shelf and start tidying up the shelf .
 Person putting up lights checking the ones that are out before getting frustrated and getting a pillow to hit them with .
 A person is taking some food out of a glass and put it on a plate , they then laugh and set the food on a table and walk away .
 A person is sitting at the desk playing a game on their phone . The person laughs and then walks to the table and picks up a sandwich .
 A person enters their office and takes off their shoes . They close the door and sit down at their desk . Then the person pulls out a beer from the drawer , takes a drink and smiles as they think of something .
 person is lying on the floor on the shoes . Person startles , stands up , turns on the vacuum and starts vacuuming the floor .
 A person is sitting at a table playing on a laptop and eating a snack . Then he picks up a phone and talks on it .
 The person undresses , takes off their shoes , and sits on the couch . They begin to eat some food while working on their homework .
 The person walked in to the room carrying books and put them somewhere and then walked away with empty hands .
 A person runs into the living room and picks up a glass of water . The person drinks from it then wipes their mouth with a towel .
 The person is sitting on the chair with a glass of water on hands . The person takes some medicine and drink some water . The person standing next to the first person is smiling .
 A person picks up a book and reads it . The person opens a cupboard and puts the book inside and closes the door .
 A person begins undressing and then picks up some dishes . The person then walks out through a doorway carrying the dishes .
 A person is tidying things in the closet including a bag and a box . Then a person is throwing medicine out of the closet .
 A person picks up a book from a desk . The person lays down on a bed , moves a backpack , and snuggles a pillow . The person looks at the book .
 In a bedroom , a person is awakening . They look at a light and sneeze . Then they look towards the door and begin to get out of bed .
 A person appears to be cooking in the kitchen . They take some bagged food and put it on a rack off to the side in the kitchen . After this , they head back to the stove and address something out of view .
 A MAN ENTERS DRINKS COFFEE WITH A BLANKET AROUND HIM AND TALKS WITH A MAN WHO IS SITTING ON A BED DOING WORK ON HIS COMPUTER
 A person is standing and holding a towel . The person walks over to the television and begins dusting it with the towel . Then the person begins tidying the rest of the room .
 A smiling person opens the door , walks through the doorway and closes the door . They lean against the wall holding and fixing a camera .
 A person is standing in a closet , running in place while holding a glass . There is a rack of clothes and pile of shoes nearby .
 One person sweeps the floor with a broom while another person undresses and takes off shoes , putting the clothes on a box .
 A person is sitting on a bed looking through a book . They put down the book and look at themselves in a mirror and comb their hair .
 A person is sitting in a chair grasping a paper bag . The person opens the bag and pulls out a sandwich . The person takes a bite of the sandwich , then gets up and turns off the light before leaving the room .
 Taking a box out of the wardrobe and sitting it on the bed . While another person is running across the room with a pillow .
 A person is tidying up the dining room with a vacuum , then smiles as they find a pair of shoes under the table .
 A person is walking in the kitchen and they move to the sink where they grasp a glass and they start cleaning the glass under the running tap water .
 Two people are sitting down at a table eating a sandwich . One person takes some food off the other persons plate . One of the people stands up and begins straightening up a shelf .
 In the pantry is a sink and a cabinet . The person runs into the room , gets medicine from the cabinet and begins eating it .
 A person walks through a door way into a room with a dresser they open the dresser and take out a blanket and then they fold the blanket .
 A person is seen pouring soap in the washer and working on clothes . They drink some coffee and then grab the doorknob to leave .
 A person is smiling at the light in the bathroom . The person then begins to tidy the clothes on the floor .
 A MAN IS PUTTING A RAKING A MIRROR AND SCRING SOMETHING ONTO THE BACK WHILE A WOMAN IS STANDING BY A DOOR WATCHING WITH HER HAND ON THE DOOR KNOB
 A person is sitting on a bike and drinking from a white cup . They get up and walk over to a shelf and put it down .
 A person holding a sandwich opens and closes a refrigerator door then starts sneezing after sprinkling pepper on the sandwich .
 It seems as if the person is multi tasking by chatting online and trying to get a sneaker ready to put on but is distracted by what is on screen so the laptop is closed and sneak left on the table .
 The sink in the laundry room was pouring cold water onto the muddy pair of shoes , while the person drank a beer .
 A Person holding a blanket around themselves and wearing nothing else but socks opens a wardrobe and begins talking to themselves about what they are going to wear today .
 A person is putting dished into a sink before looking out a window and then taking a drink from a bottle of medicine .
 A person is seen eating while looking at a picture . They start smiling and then turn off the nearby light .
 A person is sitting on the stairs smiling at the back of a picture frame . The person stands up and straddles a broom and then holds the broom in front of him .
 A person is sitting in a chair while watching something on their laptop . The person then sneezes before continue to watch the laptop .
 A person walks to a table and sits down in a chair they pour a cup of coffe pick up a blanket wrap the blanket around themselves and get up and walk out .
 A smiling person is in their pantry eating a sandwich . The person grabs a box of cereal and leaves the pantry .
 A person comes into the room sits on the sofa then uses a laptop sitting on a small desk .
 A person is running some water in the sink . They tidy the area near the sink . Another person walks in holding some dishes and puts them in the sink .
 A person is cleaning the walls around a sink . The person then kneels under a table and checks the table . The person uses the towel to clean the legs under the table .
 A person wearing a knit hat is sitting in the dark listening to one earbud . The person reaches over and turns on the light
 A person is eating some food that they found in the refrigerator in the kitchen . They are watching outside the window while also drinking a glass of coffee .
 Person sitting down in a chair , opening a book and reading , and then gets up to go to the kitchen and get something food from cabinet .
 A person in the hallway is laughing at something they saw on their p hone . They begin putting a towel down next to the door and turn on the light .
 A person plays some video games while sitting down . The person pours herself some water , takes a drink , and continues to play .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a desk in the living room . The person drinks from a glass of water .
 A person is sitting at a computer desk looking at his laptop and shaking his hands . He then hits himself in the head . He opens a drawer and starts looking through it for something .
 One person is holding a bowl and another person is fixing the window . The person holding the bowl starts cleaning the floor .
 A person lays down on the floor . Then they take a picture off the desk and put it behind the desk , and then they leave the room .
 A person sitting at a table with a sandwich in front of them grabs a bottle out of a bag of groceries sitting next to them and pours something into a glass .
 the person entered the room , adjusted himself and took camera sat before the TV and took some pictures and finally went out
 A person tidying the area with a broom stops and pulls a snack from a bag . The person eats the snack then walks to an open door and closes it .
 A person is standing in front of a desk watching a computer monitor . The person throws a blanket on the bed and then lays down on the bed .
 A person is sitting at a table doing their homework . A person then begins to cough . A person throws a blanket on the floor , and pours themselves a glass of water to drink
 A person stands in the laundry room , holding a camera . The person sets the camera down , and takes a drink from a glass of water .
 PERSON IS LAYING IN BED LOOKING AT A PICTURE , THE PERSON STANDS UP AND WALKS AWAY
 The person is sitting on a couch and then reaches for the cup and takes a drink and then puts the cup down on the table then stands up walks into the kitchen and pours out the coffee and rinses out the cup with the residue still in the bottom of the cup and then sits it on the counter .
 The person is holding a pillow then picks up another pillow and places both on a chair . He walks over to the closet door , closes it and then stands there with his arm on the door .
 A person is picking up clothes from the floor and throwing them on the floor of another room .
 A person is in their bedroom sitting at a table covered in dishes eating an apple . They stand and begin tidying up .
 A person walks into a garage and sets a laptop computer on a counter . The person then stands looking at the computer .
 A person grasps a box of laundry soap from the shelf , then pours the detergent into the machine and starts washing clothes .
 A person stands grasping a towel . Another person looks at a picture while eating a sandwich .
 A person walked to a mirror . A person then adjusted themselves . Having satisfied this need , the person then left , leaving the door open .
 The person is swinging around a broom like a weapon and dancing side to side with it . Then the person stops to pick up some kind of bottle .
 A person is standing at a closet , folding clothes and putting them away . The person closes the closet , sits on a bed , and takes off a pair of shoes .
 A person picks up some shoes off the floor then looks around . Then the person puts the shoes in a pizza box that is laying on the floor . Next the person puts the box aside and laughs .
 A person is having a blanket on him , sitting on a chair , looks at some books open it , and start sneezing with looking at the papers .
 A person is sitting at a desk with a keyboard on his lap , He places the keyboard on the bed beside , stands up and begins to remove a shirt
 The person is standing in the doorway and holding a box and a book . The person opens the book and closes it . The person opens the box and closes it . The person picks up a broom and walks out of the doorway . The person walks back in the doorway with the broom .
 The person sits on a chair , and takes a bite of something . They write something on some paper and take a sip of some coffee . They throw some paper away in a trash can
 A person is sitting on the stairs eating a sandwich and watching a move on their laptop . They begin playing a game on their laptop .
 One person works on installing a shelf when another person runs in , laughing and drinking a glass of soda .
 A person is laying on the bed , propped up on a pillow . The person watches a person tidying up the room and picking up clothes off the floor .
 A person walks over to a table next to another person , takes off a jacket , folds it up , and then wraps it around the waist . The person then walks away . During all this , a dog runs up underneath the table .
 One person is standing at the refrigerator drinking milk from the carton . Another person is standing by a table .
 Person is standing at the sink in the kitchen , tidying dishes in the sink . Person is then walking to the refrigerator and fixing a sandwich for lunch .
 A person opens and closes a closet door , then looks in the mirror on the door while shivering with a blanket around them .
 A person finishes writing into a notebook , then gathers the surrounding books and organizes them together on top of the table in front of the person .
 Two people are standing in a room , one drinks medicine and smiles while the other folds a towel and places it on a chair next to him .
 A person is sitting on the edge of the bed . The person is wrapped in a towel , which the person begins taking off .
 A person is washing their hands in the bathroom . After that , they begin sitting down while drinking some coffee and placing a pillow on top of the counter .
 A person is looking at a laptop , while another person is looking in a mirror .
 A person is lying on a towel on the floor with their feet up on a chair . The person sits up and takes off their shoes , then puts their shoes on the table before leaving .
 A person is smiling while reading a book . Another person standing in the doorway sneezes and blows their nose .
 A person is seen watching television and sneezing . They are then seen opening the door to a hallway closet and grab a towel .
 Person is lying on floor by doorway on pile of clothes doing homework and washing door .
 A person is sitting on a bed and fidgeting with a camera while a second person enters the room and picks up a laptop computer .
 A person is in a hallway putting their shoes on , they then start playing with the camera on their phone before putting it in their pocket .
 A person is tidying the entryway to their home with a broom . The person takes a remote , turns on the television , and continues working .
 This person poured himself a drink , and then he sat in the chair and put a pilow behind his head and griped it and then started shaking his head back and forth , acting frustrated .
 A person closes a door . The person tidies up items on a shelf above the washer/dryer . The person opens the door and leaves .
 A person carrying a bunch of food sit it on a counter , turns and open the closet doors .Proceeds to look at the shelf and back at the food .
 A person sits at the table , takes food from a bowl and begins eating it .
 A person is sweeping inside of a closet . The person then reaches to the shelf of the closest and takes things from a shelf and puts them in a box .
 A person is standing in the hallway drinking . A person then takes a vacuum out the closet , closes the door , and turns off the light .
 A person is drinking a glass of water standing in front of a window in a bathroom . The person then grabs a broom and starts sweeping , running the broom over the bathroom floor .
 A man is sitting on a chair and writing in a book which is on his bed , using a calculator as a second person walks by very fast .
 A person is looking through a doorway , sneezing . The person then closes the door , holding onto the doorknob . There are clothes hanging up nearby .
 A PERSON HAS A PAIR OF SHOES ON HER LAP AND IS FIXING THE SHOE LACES ON IT WHILE A MAN ENTERS THE FRAME HOLDING A WATER BOTTLE WHILE SMILING AND OPENING AND CLOSING A DRAWER
 A person runs into the kitchen and starts making food at the stove .
 A person laughs drinks and drinks Coke while seated on a sink , then stands and looks at themselves in a mirror before picking up shoes from the floor , opening a door , turning off a light , and walking out of the room .
 In the recreation room , a person is laughing on the sofa . Another person is watching television in a soft chair .
 A person is the office was lying on the chair instead of working on the person 's homework .
 A person wearing a grey sweatsuit grabs a pink blanket from a nearby shelf , folds it , and then puts it away in a closet behind them .
 In the entryway , a person is standing and looking at a picture on the wall . Then they close the door behind them .
 A person opens a bag and places a pair of shoes inside . Setting the bag down , the person picks up a towel from a chair .
 A person takes a laptop off the shelf , moves a chair , gets a glass out of a cupboard and takes a drink .
 The person walked into the entryway and closed a table drawer . The person then put on a coat and shoes .
 A person dresses next to a window , A person lies with a blanket .
 A man walks to the kitchen table and sits down . There he begins eating a snack as he looks at the open laptop on the counter in front of him .
 A person is snuggling on their soda in their bedroom . They start taking a broom and moving it around the ground , and thne eventually throw it towards a chair .
 A person is lying down on a couch while hold a pillow , and a second person is sitting beside the couch and eating a snack , but I ca n't make out what the snack is that they 're eating .
 The person is walking in the room holding some thing in their hand while another person is sitting on the bed bent down putting on shoes .
 Person standing in hallway looks at camera , begins fixing camera/typing into smartphone , looks back to camera , walks through doorway , closes door and leaves frame .
 A person comes in to a room carrying a pillow wearing a blanket walks across the room picks up a bottle and walks out of the room .
 One person opens the door , walks in , and throws a blanket on the table .
 A person is folding towels on a bed they take them into the closet and sit them on a chair they walk over and get their jacket and put it on while another person in another room sits on a bed playing a video game .
 The person was getting ready to leave , and paused to look at the picture of a television by the door . As the person was closing the door , the person started sneezing .
 Person is in the kitchen stirring something in a pan on the burner of the stove . She turns , opens the refrigerator , takes out a box and pours the contents into the pot and continues stirring
 A person is walking down the stairs grasping onto the handrail . The person stops and looks at a picture on the wall and briefly closes their eyes , then continues on and turns off the light when they get to the bottom of the stairs .
 A person puts a towel on a table while smiling . They pick up and put medicine back on a table . They sit on the sofa and drink from a container .
 A person walks into a room , takes a cup of coffee and a phone from somewhere , and walks out of the room .
 A person walks into a room and sits on a bed . The person then eats a sandwich and looks out the window . The person looks back at the camera and eats more of the sandwich .
 A person walks into the kitchen to the stove and stirs the pan on the stove , then opens the refrigerator and gets an item out and walks over to the counter .
 A person walks into the living room carrying a box of groceries . The person removes an item and begins eating it .
 Person in kitchen is wiping down table . Person then walks over to an entertainment stand in another room , opens up and cabinet and takes a pill bottle out .
 Patient holding a bag looking a shelf trying to decide where to put the bag , when can not find a place decides to throw the bag on the shelf .
 A person is cooking something in a pot on a stove . The person eats a bite of sandwich . The person is stirring the pot .
 A person stands in a doorway , making a sandwich while holding a container . The person is then looking out the window .
 There is a person sitting on the couch . That person puts on their tennis shoes , ties the laces , stands up and then leaves the room .
 A person walks into the hallway , picks up a bag from the floor and puts it in a trash can . They pick up a pair of shoes and throw it through the doorway into the next room .
 A person walks to a door , opens it , leaves the room and closes the door . Then the person opens the door and walks back in , closing the door once again . The person takes off clothes , fixes their hair , sneezes and puts the clothes on a cabinet .
 A person is standing in the living room holding a cup of coffee . The person sits down in the chair and takes a bottle of medicine off the table .
 Coming from the bath into the hallway a person takes the towel from around the neck and throws it back into the bathroom . It lands on the sink in view . Another person comes down the hallway from the other end eating a muffin and waves is if leaving . Pan to person near bathroom .
 A person is cleaning a shelf . The person then looks at the laptop and then goes back to cleaning a shelf .
 A person laying on a bed awakens , stands up and puts on some clothing they took out of a bag on the floor . The person looks at themselves in a mirror .
 Person sitting on the floor cleaning the mirror and seeing his face from the mirror with bag holding with him
 A person walks down the hall and takes off their shirt . The person picks up a towel on a chair in the hallway and puts it over their shoulder .
 A person is laying in a bed under a blanket and reaches for a drink on the night stand . The person takes a drink and goes back to sleep .
 A person sweeps their living room with a broom . They pick up a blanket from the floor and fold it neatly , and then sneeze .
 A person walks down the stairs with a towel around their neck holding a bag . The person has to step over another person who is sitting on the stairs drinking from a cup .
 A person is running around in the garage . They begin putting on their shoes , and take out their phone and start waving it around .
 A person is dressing in front of the mirror . The person begins smiling as the person is watching himself put on their clothes .
 A person is walking past a shelf and undresing , they then take a medicine bottle open it and pour it into a glass of water .
 A person is walking through a doorway . The person grabs a pair of shoes and puts them on . The person goes through the doorway and closes the door behind them .
 Person picks up an empty glass , then proceeds to run or jog in place .
 A person runs into the laundry room and throws a towel in the washing machine . The person sits as a desk and drinks and cup of coffee and eats a sandwich .
 A person walks into dining room and turns the light on , then sits down at the table ans starts writing something .
 A person throws a pillow and then sits on a couch . A second person takes clothes off a chair and puts them in a closet .
 A person is undressing in a home office then watches something out a window next to a picture .
 A person washing a window over top of a bed .The person throws the cloth on to the bed.The person turns and grabs a drink and takes a drink .
 A person stands in the door holding a sandwich . They then begin snuggling with a blanket that they pick up off the floor .
 A person enters the laundry room to reach into a cabinet and remove a stuffed animal from the shelf .
 A person is sitting in a chair at a laptop playing on it . Suddenly they take out a book and begin reading it
 There are two people in the video . Person one is standing at a window talking and laughing . person 2 walks into the room , sits at a computer , and puts his head down .
 A person runs down the stairs , carrying a book and drinking a glass of juice . The person sets the glass down on a table at the bottom of the stairs and quickly runs off .
 A person runs through a doorway and quickly puts some stuff on a piece of bread . The person takes a few bites and wipes their hands on their shorts .
 A min sits down and examines shoes before putting them on , then stands , and drinks from cup taken from a table . the person then walks away .
 A person is in a office sitting at a desk and holding a picture , they then get up and reach for the doorknob .
 A person is sleeping and lying with their head on a pillow , then awakening and then using a phone in a living room .
 A person sitting in a chair working at a laptop , closing the laptop , getting up and walking to the kitchen , opening the fridge , and putting something on a plate in the middle of the floor .
 A person is laying on the couch using a blanket as a pillow . They wake up , rub their face , and begin to sit on the couch .
 One person runs in , puts a box and a picture in a cabinet , then joins a person on the sofa to snuggle and smile .
 A person sits on a bed . They work on a laptop that is sitting on a table . Another person fixes a television nearby .
 A person is laying on the bed they pick up the pillow then put it down they sneeze they sit up the dog jumps up with them then they get up
 While Person A is doing homework in the Home Office , Person B walks in and smiles while tidying up the room of the dirty dishes .
 A person walks into the bathroom holding a pillow and blanket . The person then throws the blanket over their shoulder , while looking into a mirror .
 A person holding a phone enters the room and sits in a chair and puts the phone on a table . They pick up a pitcher and pour water into a glass .
 A person is standing at a stove while cooking . They take something from the refrigerator , and throw the wrapper in the garbage .
 While the person was opening the front doorknob , the person was throwing shoes into the closet .
 A person sits at a desk , watching the door . The person is smiling .
 A person is sitting on a couch drinking from a cup and watching television . The person has their feet resting on the table in front .
 The person is holding a cloth under the chin and moves the bananas and the box on the table .
 A person picks up a book from the floor . They open it and look through the pages while smiling and laughing . They close it and walk away .
 A person is holding a broom and tidying the room . The person begins playing on their phone as the person sits down to take a break , eating lunch .
 A person sits down on the kitchen floor while looking at their phone and then gets up
 A person walks into a bathroom and turns on the light . The person walks over to the sink and begins taking off some clothes . Another person is sitting on the floor holding a glass in a corner .
 A person hugging a pillow looking around a pole.The person proceeds to look around and leans forward to get a better look .
 A person walked in the entryway laughing while holding their homework , while another person was standing there eating a sandwich watching them .
 A person is near a closet holding a towel , they then open the closet and remove a digital camera from it and puts it into their pocket .
 A person is standing in the living room holding a blanket and a bottle of medicine . The person sneezes and puts the medicine down in the table .
 A person walks over to a desk , sneezes , fiddles with a box , and walks away .
 Two people are sitting in chairs at a table eating something . One person removes some food from their bag and places it on the table . The second person picks up the food .
 A person is sitting on a chair holding books . The person stands and walks to cabinet , puts the books on a shelf , closes the cabinet door and walks away .
 Two people are in a room . One person is sitting on the floor angrily taking clothing and a blanket out of a duffel bag . The other person is sitting in a chair passively watching the person remove the objects from the bag .
 A person opens a closet door , takes a pair of shoes off the shelf and laughs while they hold the shoes .
 A person is holding a vase and poring the contents outside . The person is putting it on a shelf and walking out the door .
 A person is reading a book while eating some food . The person starts laughing and then stops to take a drink out of their cup .
 A person is holding a laptop . The open and close it . They open a cabinet then put it on a shelf in a cabinet and close the door .
 A person walks into a room and closes a door . They then look at them self in the mirror on the back of the door and smiles .
 Person A is standing there with his phone and shakes around a bit before placing it on a table then himself and Person B who is sitting at the couch make the same face covering there mouths .
 A girl is sitting on a couch and drinking from a cup . The boy beside her is doing the same , then begins showing her a book , which they look at together .
 The person sits on the chairs and appears to play a game and have a conversation with a person off-screen .
 A person is in a bedroom working on sweeping the floor with a broom , they then grasp a chair on move it out of the way .
 The person is looking in the mirror and adjusts their hair and clothes . Next the person climbs on top of the bed and looks back into the mirror .
 One person is on their camera leaning up against a couch while another is laying on the floor with medicine bottles next to them .
 A person is standing in front of a desk as they tidy it up . They sit i a chair and open and read a book .
 A person sits in the bathroom eating a bag of popcorn while watching a movie on their laptop . The person sets the laptop down on a table .
 A person is opening a cabinet and grabbing a broom . The person looks at a window and jumps .
 A person is working on hanging up a picture above a desk . The stop working end begin pouring a glass of water to drink .
 A smiling person is standing in their entryway holding a pile of clothes . The person then sits on a chair .
 A person is seen watching something on their phone while holding a vacuum . After standing for a little while they pick up a nearby towel .
 A person is standing in kitchen next to a pot of food . The person mixes it then checks to see if the pan is hot . They then take two towels and pick up the pot .
 A person is holding 2 books , they put one down on a chair and looks at the other one for a moment then walks over to the book case and puts the other book up
 A person walking into a walk-in closet holding a phone . They start tidying up clothes when the pick up a picture and smile .
 A person walks down a near empty hallway , slowly drinking a cup of coffee . They pass another person opening their cell phone to look at a picture .
 A person is looking through items on a shelf . They pick up a hand mirror and glance at their reflection before putting it down , then drink from a water bottle before leaving the garage and closing the door behind them .
 A person is walking across the room and picks up a book and reads through it . Afterward the person turns the doorknob and opens the door and walks out while holding the book in their hand .
 A man is laying on a floor in the doorway , then takes his shoes off and stands and walks away , leaving his pillow on the floor .
 Person comes into the dining room and sits at the table , picks up a a sandwich , picks up a coffee mug , and walks out of the room .
 A girl is dressing in front of a closet . Then she sits on her bed and opens her laptop to begin doing her work .
 The person is standing and eating a sandwich by the doorway . Still eating the sandwich , the person walks to the chair and sits down to look out the window .
 This person is in a bedroom , throws blanket on bed , jumps on bed , picks up sandwich and starts eating & laughing while rocking back and fourth .
 A person takes some pictures on a camera , while another walks in , sneezes , and then walks past the picture taker .
 A person runs down the hall and opens a door . They bang their knee and using a mirror sits down to examine it .
 A person walks into the hallway and flips on a light switch . The person then picks up a towel from a door handle , folds it , then throws it onto his shoulder before walking further .
 A person is walking back and forth in the living room while eating something and then the person takes off their hoodie/sweater and puts it in a box on the couch .
 A person is drinking water from a glass . The person puts the glass down , and wipes a pillow with a towel .
 A person runs into the garage grasping a pile of books with a pair of shoes on top .
 Two people are sitting on a couch . One holds a pillow and one walks over to work on the television .
 A person in a kitchen removes a small item from a shelf , then reaches over to a metal mug and takes a number of consecutive sips .
 A person is sitting at a desk and putting a jacket on . Then they grab their phone and put it in their pocket . Then they grab their laptop and put it in it 's case .
 A person is in a kitchen holding a phone to their ear , they then start working on a sandwich placed on their counter top .
 Person sitting on the couch typing on a laptop before closing it and picking up phone to look at it .
 This person appears to be walking / running through a living room area , stops & starts sneezing , takes towel off , places it on chair and then walks out of room .
 There is a person sleeping on a couch.. That person wakes up , checks their phone and then stands up . They then talk to a mirror , look at themselves and walk out the door , closing it behind them .
 This person walks into the kitchen , picks up a pan , and starts eating out of it , then pours milk into a glass .
 A person is taking medicine , then working on homework and finally closing a book in a garage .
 A person is sitting on a chair . The person is eating a sandwich and drinking from a glass mug .
 a person goes into the home office and opens the door and sits the box in the closet with the vacuum
 A person is taking a vacuum cleaner into the garage to fix it . Standing in the middle of the garage , they scratch their head , and then remember what cabinet the tool they need is in . They leave the vacuum cleaner sitting on the floor while they go to get the tool they need .
 A person is holding a bag of food , like chips . Another person starts pouring a glass of water while running the faucet .
 A person is standing in an office holding a mug of coffee . They walk over to a wardrobe and realize that something is wrong with it . They put the mug of coffee down and begin fixing the bottom of the wardrobe .
 A person is lying on a sofa while holding a book , then sits up and sneezes before leaving the room to inspect himself in a mirror in the entryway .
 A person throws a stack of towels onto a desk . After the stack falls over , the person fixes it .
 A person stands in a hallway , looking into a doorway . The person is holding a pillow , and starts sneezing . The person then walks down the hallway .
 Person walking grabs a pot from the cabinet , takes it over to the stove , goes to the refrigerator to get some food , and then back to the stove to begin cooking the food .
 The person is sweeping within a room towards an opened door while simultaneously being interrupted by sneezing . The person then closes the door .
 A person bends down and opens up two bins and looks inside them , then slides them under a table . Then the person goes to the counter and stacks a pot on top of another pot , and takes the lid off of a sandwich . They set the sandwich on a different counter and then pour themselves a cup of water from a pitcher into a cup .
 A person is putting groceries in a closet and smiling as they are closing the door . They put a broom at the entrance .
 The person is in the laundry room smiling while working on the laptop and talking on the phone .
 A person is cooking on the stove when they reach into the cabinet to grab some salt.The person then reaches for a cup of water and drinks it before setting the cup back on the table . The person then picks up a plate from the table and moves it into the cupboard above .
 A person is in a kitchen running the water in the sink , they then start laughing as they pick up some food from the counter and walk away .
 A person standing up sneezing.The person walks to a window locks it.The person turns and wipes a chair out with a cloth.The person proceeds to go to a desk .
 A person tosses clothes into their washer . They close its door and turn the machine on . They pick up a pillow to be washed later and snuggle it .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror and is looking at themself . They walk through a door and into a room with a sink .
 one person sitting on stairs working on laptop and one person standing putting on a coat
 A person is sitting on a blanket in a garage they open their bag and take out something to eat they look around and close the bag
 A person walks across a room and through a doorway while carrying a bag . The person then closes a door .
 The person walks into the living room . The person is holding homework papers and a camera . The person looks at the TV , and then puts the camera into the person 's other hand .
 A person is laughing and taking off shoes and then running in place while holding a towel in a laundry room .
 Two people are on the floor on a blanket . One person is eating a sandwich while sitting on the floor looking at a laptop . Another person is lying on the floor covered in a blanket looking at a laptop .
 A person with food in one hand lays down on the floor . Holding the food with the hand , the person squirms on the floor mildly while looking at the food , grinning .
 A person walks into the bedroom and throws down the towel they have around them . They start getting dress in front of the desk while watching Tv when they notice they left the window open .
 A person is putting some food on a shelf in a pantry , they then grab some dishes and begin tidying them with a towel .
 A person opens the refrigerator and takes out a white bowl and places it on a shelf . They then walk to a nearby desk and begin to rearrange several objects , making somewhat of a mess .
 A person is pouring things out of his bag . The person grabs the camera that falls out of the bag and takes a picture .
 A person is sitting at the table drinking from a glass . They get up , run in a circle around the table , then start turning the light on and off .
 A person is tidying the home office/study . The person sneezes and then sits in a chair . The person looks at the door and begins to get up .
 A person is wiping a wall . The person sneezes and then grabs a sandwich . The person takes a bite out of the sandwich while looking at a television .
 A person is sitting on the bed drinking a cup of coffee . They set the coffee down on the bed and open up a bag , and take some food out and start eating .
 The person grasps a table and then sneezes . They then point at the camera .
 A person puts a book down onto the shelf . The person takes out their phone and begins playing with it .
 The person quickly threw off the towel and started dressing . Then they snuggled under the blanket until the tornado sirens stopped .
 A person is working at the desk in the bedroom . That person is closing their homework and getting up from the chair .
 A person sits on the floor watching a laptop . The person then shines a light at glass next to the laptop , before standing up and leaving the garage .
 A person is seen with a towel in the laundry room . They put the towel down and take out a laptop , watching some videos while laughing .
 A person awakens in their garages sitting in a chair under a blanket . They eat a cookie and leave .
 a person is holding a clipboard and writing on it while another person is at the window .
 One person grasps a book from a shelf , then sits in the kitchen eating a sandwich and smiling at the book .
 A person enters the room and puts their phone down . They open the cabinet .
 A person wraps a towel around their shoulders . Sits on a closed toilet , gets up and goes to the sink and does something , then walks away .
 a person runs through the entryway wrapped in a blanket to answer a door . They turn the doorknob and open the door , smiling at who 's there
 Person walks into the room , with a blanket , a box and some leaves . Person closes the box and sets those items on a shelf or ledge .
 A person holding a pillow walks through a hallway and then puts it into a cabinet .
 A person is eating food and drinking water while sitting at a table . A second person is standing nearby while texting on a phone .
 A person opens a door and starts arranging clothes inside . They then pick up their phone and put it to their ear before walking away .
 A person walking into the room , sitting on the couch , watching TV , talking to someone , and leaving the room .
 A person walks through a hallway while looking for something , while another person runs through holding a box .
 A person walked through a doorway with a notebook . He opened the notebook and glanced at it briefly . The person then picked a pillow up off the ground and continued walking .
 The person was fixing the cabinet . While the person was grasping the door .
 A person is tidying up things on a shelf . The person grabs something from the shelf and throws it onto the bed .
 A person walks into an entryway and notices a large pile of shoes next to the door but then is surprised to see another person standing in an adjacent room and smiling while undressing .
 A person is holding a book and washing a glass in a sink , they then put the glass down .
 A person opens a door , running into the house . They drop their homework on a shelf before taking off their shoes .
 The person walks to a shelf and straightens up the DVDs on the shelf , using a bookend . The person turns around and looks in a mirror and walks away .
 A person is standing in front of a stove and takes the lid off of a small pot , stirs the contents with a wooden spoon . The person then places the lid on the pot and grabs a coffee mug , pours out the contents , and washes it in the sink .
 The person is standing on the bottoms step of stairs and places a pair of shoes on a wooden chair . The person then starts texting on their phone .
 A person is hesitating while walking to a door . The person opens the door which is for a closet . The person is reaching up and bringing down a cardboard box . The person is reaching into the box and is looking at dark shoes . The person reacts by laughing . The person is closing the door and walking away .
 A person is holding a bag and a towel . They walk out the door with both of them .
 A person is standing in the bathroom looking at themselves in the mirror . The person takes a pillow out of a box on the floor and tidies up the other items in the box underneath the pillow .
 A person walks into the hallway carrying a book and a cup of coffee . They sit down and set the coffee and book on the floor . They turn on a night light plugged into a wall socket .
 A person tidies the floor with a broom . They put down the broom , then take a picture from the top of a cabinet . They walk over and sit down in a chair at a desk and put the picture on the desk after looking at the picture for a second .
 A person is talking on a phone and opening a closet door . The person then takes a chair from the closet , sits on it , puts the phone on a table and takes off their shoes . Then the person picks up the phone and continues talking .
 A person is in a closet and the person is folding a blanket . The person puts away the blanket and grabs a book and looks at it .
 A person putting a coat on in a kitchen , the person picks up clothes from a chair and grabs a socks off a table , the person puts the clothes back on the table
 A person is standing on the stairs grasping a vacuum . The person fixes the mirror on the wall that is crooked .
 A person is cleaning the window of the front door holding a broom they are using a towel they walk over to the table and wipe it down with the towel .
 Person walks into the kitchen . Person places groceries on the counter . Person pulls food out of the grocery bag , puts it on a pan . Person puts pan of food on the stove . Person then opens oven , puts pan in oven and closes the door . Person then begins to tidy the kitchen counter .
 A person in a closet is smiling while eating a sandwich and opening a book .
 A person picks up a stack of dishes and goes to turn the doorknob in that room . This person goes through the doorway , taking the stack of dishes , and puts down the stack of dishes on the floor .
 A person is in a hallway they open a door and go in the closet they get a jacket and put it on , then they go out the front door .
 A person is cleaning a sink with cleaning products and a sponge . The person then starts cleaning the doorknob with the sponge .
 A person is walking with a vacuum while another person is smiling at a pile of clothes .
 A person reads a book then stands and then opens and begins tidying up a cabinet before giving the camera a smile while closing the cabinet door .
 A person is looking in a mirror then begins tidying the area with a broom , afterwards they go over to a desk and begin tidying that with a broom .
 A person is standing in their pantry putting away groceries . The person takes the vacuum , and leaves the pantry .
 Two people are sitting on the sofa watching television and laughing . One person starts playing on their phone .
 A person awakens in the bathroom . They were asleep in the bathtub . They pick up the pillow they were using , grab their phone from the bathroom counter , leave the room and close the door behind them .
 A person is seen opening the medicine cabinet . They begin pulling out medicine and eating it . They then walk out the doorway .
 A person leans on a fireplace and watches some tv . The person sits down and puts some shoes on .
 A person walks into a laundry room and sees a sandwich lying on a chair . They look at the sandwich . They take the sandwich and start leaving the room .
 A person walks into a room and closes a door . They start to tidy up . They they put item on a shelf , and sit on a chair with a coffee cup .
 A person is kneeling , working on fixing a faulty cabinet in their hallway . Another person is standing next to them , giving them instruction while drinking something out of a glass .
 A person walking into a bedroom , drinking a glass of water . Then the person puts the water on the desk , takes off coat , puts the coat on the floor , straightens scarf while pointing towards a window , pulls down on hoodie , adjusts shirt , then takes the hoodie off .
 A person is standing by a stove cooking some food . The person opens the refrigerator , takes something out , and begins closing it .
 Two people are standing at the bottom of the stairs , person one is sweeping the floor while person two is tossing clothes and a towel around and catching them .
 A person wearing red stands behind his vehicle inside his garage and rummages through boxes , the individual then picks a book out of a box , inspects a few pages and leaves .
 A person is smiling while reading a book . The person closes the book and takes a drink from a cup of coffee .
 A person is fixing a sandwich , then throwing away trash and then washing dishes in a pantry .
 A man is standing and holding a blanket and a pair of shoes . He stands with the shoes and moves from place to place on the floor .
 A person comes into the laundry room picks up a bottle of detergent opens it and sniffs the contents then they pick up clotes and walk out .
 A person is grasping the phone and another person is undressing by the mirror .
 The person stood looking out of a window Then the person undressed out of their jacket , throwing it on a sofa . They unplugged a lamp from the wall and walked away .
 A person awakens in bed . They pick up a towel from a shelf , leave , and close the door .
 A person is undressing as the person stands in front of the wardrobe . Then , wrapped in a blanket , the person picks up a broom and begins tidying the room .
 A person is cooking on the stovetop . The person steps away from the stove to tidy up the counter , putting a glass in the sink .
 There is a person sitting on a bed . That same person goes into the bathroom and washes their hands . That same person then picks up something .
 A person walks up and stands in the doorway of a bedroom and takes several sips of something from a coffee mug .
 A person walks through the door , pours coffee into a glass at the table and then picks up papers off of the floor .
 The person is sitting on the bed and playing a hand held game . The person then gets up and walks around the side of the bed and looks out the window .
 A person in the kitchen is running around while dressing by putting a jacket on . They take a camera out and point it towards a doorknob .
 A person awakens on the couch in the living room . The person takes a drink of coffee , picks up a box , and leaves the room .
 Two men , one is seated at a table , looking at his phone and laughing , the man in the blue shirt is standing beind him holding a camera and looking and manipulating it while pacing .
 A person walks around a table then takes off their jacket . The person then closes the door . Another person is on the floor hiding under the table . The first person turns off the light .
 A person walks into a bathroom with a broom , leaves the broom , and closes the door . The person then picks up a container and walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting down in a chair in the basement . The chair has a makeshift cushion on the bottom that is a pillow . The person can be seen playing with the phone while sitting down .
 A person is washing their refrigerator . Then , opening it , the person begins putting away their groceries .
 A person waves a green blanket around , and throws it in the air . This person picks up a box and walks away .
 A person in a walk-in closet is putting coffee on a shelf and dressing in a t-shirt . The person then opens the door with the doorknob .
 A person is standing at the window watching the sky outside . The person takes off their shoes and grasps them while walking to the door .
 A person standing at the stove in the kitchen , stirring whats in the pan and putting spice in it , then going to the refrigerator and opening it .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the dining room looking at their phone . The person laughs at something on their phone and puts it down to eat some food .
 A person runs into the room and throws a plate with food down onto their table , they run back and slam their door with anger , and then walk back and sit down and take a picture of their food with their phone .
 A person takes some clothes from the wardrobe and begins dressing . The person finishes putting on the clothes , puts on a pair of shoes , and leaves .
 A person is taking a picture of a shelf then walking away .
 A person wrapped in a blanket is sitting at a table and eating something from a bowl . Lastly the person takes a drink from a cup .
 A person runs into the living room , holding a camera and a pair of shoes . The person puts the camera down and puts on the shoes .
 A person puts a laptop computer that is sitting on a bed into a box , and then holds the box over their head . The person then walks through a doorway and then back to the bed to set the box down .
 A person walks into the closet holding a shirt . The person opens the wardrobe and puts the shirt in there , then closes the wardrobe and starts to get undressed . The person picks up a cup of coffee from on top of the wardrobe and takes a sip .
 A person is looking in the pantry , as another person grabs groceries from the pantry .
 A seated person wearing striped pants types on a keyboard . The individual then stands up , walks towards a different table , sits down , and begins doing homework .
 Person walks in kitchen holding food in hand and eating . Then touches pan on stove . Person then opens drawer , takes out spoon , place in pan . Then sneezes , then sneeze again , then opens cabinet , put food on counter , place food in cabinet , covered mouth and sneeze again .
 A person is coming down from stairs with pillow in one hand and something else in other , opening a door and went out .
 A person put a towels around their neck , walks to a door , stops , turns around and removes the towel from their neck , throws it on the ground and then takes a picture of themselves .
 Two people are walking down the stairs taking . One person realizes they need to tie their shoe and the other person is holding a mirror .
 A person puts on their glasses in front of a medicine cabinet with a mirror in their bathroom . They grab a camera and take a selfie using the mirror . They put the camera down , open the cabinet and grab a pill bottle .
 A person is sitting in a chair and drinking from a mug . The person is talking to a shopping bag .
 A person is holding a phone . The person puts down the phone and starts to tidy up with a towel . A person then picks up the linens and moves them elsewhere .
 A person picks up and folds a blanket and places it on a chair . Another person stands looking out of a window .
 A person stands at the stove cooking . They go to the refrigerator , open the door , take out a glass of water , close the door and pour the water into the pot of food cooking on the stove .
 A person is holding a pair of shoes and a camera . The person sets the camera down on the desk , and throws the pair of shoes into the corner .
 A person picks up a broom that was sitting on the floor . After cleaning the floor for a bit she picks up a drink from the counter , takes a sip , and puts it back down . When finished with the broom it 's put back on the floor and the door knob and locked are turned .
 A person is sitting on the stairs looking at something while eating a sandwich .
 One person grasps a pillow from the bed , awakening another person who is under a blanket .
 A person runs into their bathroom and takes a small box out of their medicine cabinet . They close it and look in the mirror , running their fingers through their hair .
 a person is working on a television in a garage . they pause and take out their phone to use as a light to further investigate the television . they get irritated and throw a tool on the ground .
 A person is in a bedroom . The person is fixing the bed . After the person cleans up his bed , the person leaves .
 A person enters a room holding a plate with some food on it . The person moves a cup to another desk . The person takes two bites of a sandwich while watching something on the computer . The person then puts the sandwich on the plate , stands up and walks out of the room .
 A person is taking a sandwich in the dining room . Another person is laughing and putting dishes on the table .
 A person is snuggling on a bed , then smiling as they put dirty dishes in a box in a recreation room / man cave .
 The people are standing in the hallway . One person is talking on a phone , and one person is holding their hands to their face . The person on the phone gets off the phone and crouches down .
 This person is laying flat on his stomach on a carpeted floor . Picks up laptop and walks over to the couch and starts eating chips while sitting on the couch being on the laptop .
 A person is sitting in a chair and working on their laptop . The phone rings and the person stands up and begins walking to answer it , pausing to move a pile of clothes out of their way .
 A person walks into the office and puts a camera on a chair , grasps a stack of dishes then walks away .
 The person was sitting on a chair staring at a laptop screen when another person came into view and went up the stairs .
 A person walks in , holding clothing . They put the clothing in a box and walk out taking the box with them .
 Person walking around room holding bag , picks up a plate and moves it to a small table . Then picks up another plate and moves it to a table .
 A person is holding a book . Walking over to their desk , the person sets the book down and begins laughing .
 A person is leaving the bathroom , watching a video on their phone . They laugh as they walk through the bathroom doorway .
 A person pours out a cup of water into a sink . Another person sitting on a bed is eating food out of a bag .
 A person is holding phone to their ear while holding a pillow up in the air .
 A person jogging , turn and works on their lap top .The person walks to a desk and picks up some food and start eating .
 A person is in the kitchen and they are sweeping with a broom . They then leave the kitchen and lay down on the couch with a pillow .
 A person is cleaning the door with a cloth rag . After finishing , the person puts down the rag , picks up a piece of paper , and sneezes twice .
 a person is tidying and putting items on a shelf . The pick up a box and set it on the shelf and take drink of water .
 A person opens the bathroom door and smiles when they look in the mirror . The person picks up a bag of groceries and stands there looking inside until they find and pull out a book .
 A person stands at a stove cooking something in a pot . They take a sandwich from a plate and begin eating it .
 Person standing taking off shoes , then jacket . Then person grabs vacuum handle and turns of appliance with foot . Person then begins to tidy up room with appliance . Then place handle back on appliance and turns it off with foot .
 A person runs into the basement and grabs a pair of shoes and a camera . The person quickly walks back out .
 A person is tidying a book shelf then sits on a chair next to a light .
 The person walks into the home office with a camera . They begin taking pictures of the glass windows and everything else in the room . They walk to the door and take pictures of the door including of the doorknob . The last thing they do is undress in front of the mirror and they take pictures of their reflection .
 The person standing pull a shirt out of a bag put on the shirt buttoned the shirt pick the bag up get clothes from the bag and put it on the shelf .
 A person laughs as they walk through the doorway . The person takes a bottle of medicine from the shelf and pours some out into a cup .
 A person leans on a hamper and then throws a box through a doorway and walks away .
 A person walks into the room and closes the refrigerator door . That same person then starts cooking with a pan and picks a camera up off the counter .
 A person is holding a pillow . The person the drops a pillow . The person then takes something from a bowl and washes it in the sink . The person then smacks the bowl to the ground .
 Person in kitchen bends down , places object on counter , bends down , places bag on counter , opens cabinet , takes food out , straightened cabinet , place food back in .
 A person standing in a living room and eating a sandwich , then walks over and looks into a mirror as the person wipes and adjust their shirt .
 Person # 1 is standing in the pantry pouring a drink , then drinking from the glass and placing the bottle on a shelf . Person # 2 is standing just outside the pantry leaning on a vacuum , watching the other person .
 A person walks to pantry while eating a sandwich from a plate they are holding in their hand and reaches for some food on a shelf .
 One person stands by the sofa drinking and watching as another person runs in with a stack of dishes .
 A person is tidying up some clothes from a hamper . The person looks out the blinds out the window . The person adjusts their hair .
 A person is in a living room holding a cup of coffee , they then walk to the light switch and turn off the light .
 A person is putting food in a cabinet , then standing and tidying near a sink in a pantry .
 A person leaves a towel on the floor then another person drinks a beer by the table .
 One person starts cooking at the stove , watching it for a while . Then , they grasp a cup of coffee and run out .
 A person is standing in the bedroom holding a cup of coffee and watching television . The person laughs at the television , then grabs their laptop off the bed and leaves .
 A person is tidying up something on the cabinet . The person then sneezes , and picks up a glass of coffee from the cabinet and drinks it .
 The person walks in the room holding a flashlight and lays the flashlight on a chair . They then pick up a laptop and sneeze .
 A person opens the door to the bathroom and walks in , carrying a pair of shoes . The person sets the shoes down and leaves .
 A person is in the basement getting dressed and there is a book on the floor . The same person then picks up a phone and starts running .
 A person is standing a looking at a book . The person places the book on a shelf . The person then takes off their shoes and walks out of the room .
 A person is taking selfies with their phone in the bathroom . The person changes the position of the hat on their head and makes different poses for the photos .
 A person is sitting down in a garage taking a drink out of a glass while playing on a phone .
 In person 's man cave , the person is lying in a chair next to a toppled bottle of medicine that it appears failed to open . In person 's drunken stupor person stands up leaving the medicine bottle intact while noticing the area is a complete mess . Person then attempts to get person 's camera working so that person can document all of the damage done by person and person 's friends at last night 's party .
 A person is standing on the stairs holding a pair of shoes . The person is also watching television on a mobile phone .
 A person is sitting at a desk with a box and a picture they take the picture out of the frame and look at it , then they put it back in the frame
 A person is sitting in a chair talking on the phone and sneezes . They stop talking on the phone and hold it in their hands .
 A person is taking a towel up from the cabinet . The person runs it under the water . The person hangs the towel up . The person looks at their reflection in the floor .
 A person tidies up the floor with a broom , then bends over and picks up a pillow . They take the cover off the pillow then puts the pillow away .
 The person is sitting at the computer desk and bends over to pick up the garbage , which he sits on his lap , and then gets up carrying the garbage .
 A person runs closer holding their phone while laughing after they just walked directly into a closed door .
 A person is fixing some string lights before sitting down on a couch . They grab a bottle and start drinking from it before putting it down on a table .
 A person sitting on a blanket in a chair opens a bottle of water , pours some water in a glass and closes bottle .
 A person sat in a chair holding and fiddling with a camera as another person stood next to that person , holding a pair of sunglasses , and then the standing person exited and the other person continued to use the camera .
 A person walks into the kitchen holding their phone they take a picture and laughing then they walk back out .
 A person awakens in bed . They sit up , and sneeze . They look around them in the covers , pull out a sandwich , and start laughing .
 Person slings bag over back , and grabs a box . Then the person walks to the top of the stairs . Person puts down the bag and the box at the top of the stairs . Person opens curtains , and starts watching out of the window .
 A girl opens and closes the cabinet door and touches the edges . A man is fixing the light fixture on the wall .
 A person walks through the doorway of their home office , laughing . The person drinks from a cup of coffee and then leaves , turning off the light behind them .
 A person is laughing while picking up a bag from a table , then puts the bag down and grabs a bottle of water and takes a drink .
 A person is quickly dressing in the dining room , and puts on a pair of shoes . The person closes a nearby book , and replaces it on the shelf .
 A person is sitting at a desk . Another person is putting groceries down on a table .
 A person walks over to and looks at an oven , then sits down at a table and starts typing on a toy laptop . It is a plastic outdoor type chair .
 After awakening , the person walked from the bed to their closet to pick out a more comfortable pillow . They snuggled it to test it out .
 A person is goin up the stairs with a bag and goes into a kitchen where another person is doing something with a bowl and turns off the sink
 A person walks into the kitchen passed the dog and goes to the refrigerator and takes a bag out and puts it on the counter .
 A person is eating some food from a dish at the stove , they then begin to tidy dishes around them , another person is undressing from some clothes .
 A person is standing at the stove stirring a pot . Then they put down the stirrer and pick up a second pot to pour something into a third pot . They put down the third pot and open a window then walk to the other side of the room .
 A person is walking into the living room and moves papers off of a chair and then they sit down on a chair while another person walks into the living room carrying something then they walk out
 A person is sitting on the stairs and picks up a camera and takes a picture of themselves . They set down the camera , Then they pick up a bottle of medicine and pour it into a spoon . They close the lid to the bottle as they hold the spoon .
 A person is putting a blanket into a washing machine and clothes into a dryer as the person pauses frequently to push a door open .
 A person sits on a bed , sneezes a couple of times , and then starts to cradle a piece of paper in their hands while reading it intently .
 There is a person sleeping on the floor with a pillow in front of a doorway . That same person jumps up , throws the pillow and throws away some trash .
 A person is opening the refrigerator . They grab a glass from inside and start washing it .
 A person is sitting on the floor and putting on shoes . The person stands up and walks into the kitchen to open the refrigerator door .
 A frustrated person is sitting on a red blanket on the ground while working on homework . Clearly frustrated , the person rips the page out of the notebook , crumples it , and throws it against the wall .
 Person taking a package from the doorway , opens the door , and then inspects the box .
 A person is standing at the stairs holding a box of books . They put the box on the floor , grab a broom , and leave .
 The person is sitting in the kitchen in a chair . The person stands up and takes a towel with them . The person leaves the room .
 A person tidies the sink area of the bathroom . They bend over to open and close some cabinet doors . They straighten up again to adjust a picture on the wall .
 A person is sitting down and stands up . They reach for their laptop out of the cabinet and then start watching videos on it .
 A person awakens from a deep sleep . They flip on a nightstand light , look at a wall clock , then flip the light off . They snuggle back into their blanket , going back to sleep .
 A person is drinking something out of a mug while sitting on a table . They then proceed to dump out the mug on the floor .
 The person reached for the doorknob while leaving the house . Before they could exit , they remembered to grab the camera that was lying on the side table by the door . The person then closed the door behind them .
 A person is standing in front of a desk with a plate of food . The person eats a few bite and starts sneezing . The person walks to another desk and picks up some medicine and starts opening it .
 A person is sitting on the edge of the bed and appears to be either playing a game on a phone or operating the camera . During this time , another person enters and puts on a front zip hooded sweatshirt while standing in front of a dresser and looking in the mirror .
 A person walks through the hallway into the kitchen . The person takes a sandwich from the towel on the counter , eats it , and then begins sneezing . The person drops the phone they are holding onto the floor .
 Person standing in the living room sneezing into a pillow decides to take all the clothes that are hanging up and throw them onto a chair .
 A person is taking food out of a bag , eats the food , smiles , drinks from a bottle of water , smiles , and then puts the food back into the bag .
 One person with hair in a towel is smiling , walking around the basement with a vacuum .
 A person is washing the window . Then the person sits in front of the television .
 There is a person sitting on a sofa watching television . There is another person sitting in a chair holding a pillow .
 A person closes a door then sits on a bed and take off their shoes . The person then opens the door and throws the shoes on the floor .
 One person stands eating a sandwich from the top of a stack of dishes . A broom is leaning nearby .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror , taking off a jacket and a sweatshirt . Another person walks in and puts a box on the table .
 A person standing in a room pulls out a phone and looks at it.The person proceeds to lay the phone in a chair walk out of the room to some stairs
 A person is holding a laptop and then drinking coffee while looking out the window in the living room .
 A person puts a towel in the sink , rummages through some homework , then watches at the door before leaving .
 A person is at the bathroom sink they open the medicine cabinet and tidy up , then they wash their hands and walk over to the towel and dry their hands then they leave the room turning the lights out .
 The person ate food and drank coffee while the person worked , grasping the mug tightly in their left hand and their fork in the right .
 A person walks into their recreation room carrying a plate with dishes of food on it . They sit down on a sofa and set the food down on a table in front of them .
 A person is tidying the bedroom while holding and drinking coffee . A person picks up a laptop and puts it away .
 two persons were in the room , one person sitting before the laptop and working , other person is standing and doing something with hands
 Person is cleaning the bathroom . Person is organizing items . Person closes the window , and wipes the door clean .
 A person walks into a living room holding a camera phone and a broom , they then start to sneeze and drop the broom .
 A person is sitting in a chair eating a bag of potato chips . The person stares at the picture on the chip bag .
 A person is sitting on a chair at a table , looking out a window . Another person walks to the cabinet , opens the door , and puts a broom away . The first person then opens the window and continues to look outside .
 A person is drinking coffee , while eating a sandwich . A person puts the cup in the sink and begins tidying up .
 A person is sitting on a chair and drinking from a bottle . Another person picks up a bag from the floor and places it to the side as they walk out of the room .
 One person walks in and puts a box of groceries on the floor under a window .
 A person in the laundry room is walking around while holding a sandwich . They eventually decide to stop walking and instead start leaving towards the door .
 A person is stacking books on a desk . Another person walks in holding another book , then sneezes .
 Two people are sitting in a room together . One of them is using a laptop while the other is reading .
 A person covered with a blanket awakens in bed . They sit up , put on their glasses , then take some food and begin to eat it .
 A person takes a pillow out of a bag . The person then puts the bag back on the chair . The person then throws the pillow on a bed .
 a person picks up something off floor , places it on top shelf of closet . The person turns around straighten shirt and leans against closet door facing .
 A person is snuggling a towel on the stairs while grasping a picture and looking sad , rocking back and forth .
 A girl is gathering dishes while her cup of coffee sits on the table . She puts a pillow on the chair and wipes up another chair seat .
 A person is standing , looking at a cell phone and eating from a bag of trail mix .
 A person is sitting in a chair they pick up a book and start doing their homework while sitting in the chair .
 A person is holding a pillow . A person then sits on the sofa and begins to eat some food . A person then gets up and leave . A person then grabs a broom and dustpan .
 A person is standing by the doorway . Another person walks in the door holding a pair of shoes .
 A person is sitting down in a chair in their bedroom . They start pouring a glass of water onto some dishes , and then take a picture of the dishes through a mirror .
 A person sits on the sofa , eating a bag of chips and looking at pictures on their camera .
 A person is sitting on a chair , and picks up a sandwich from a table and takes a bite . Another person is sitting on a chair at a desk , and puts on a pair of shoes . The person then walks away .
 Person in the kitchen standing there holding a box of cereal and bag of chips eating from them .
 A person is walking through a doorway and is holding a phone . The person then walks and turns off a light . The person walks out of the room .
 A person sits in the garage , watching television . The person smiles , and takes a glass of water from a nearby shelf .
 A person drinking from a disposable cup while walking into a kitchen . The person then opens some cupboards and adjusts some dishes .
 A person walks into the closet and throws a blanket into a box on the floor . The person takes a cup of coffee out of the cabinet and walks out .
 A person walks to a refrigerator and opens it . The person looks inside the refrigerator and smiles . The person grabs some food and closes the refrigerator door .
 A person walking across room to shelves where person looks under book . The person touches something on top shelf before picking up shoes from bottom shelf . The person sneezes while walking away with shoes .
 Two people one is standing up talking into a tablet and the other person laying on a carpet on the floor and then sit up .
 A person is just waking up with a towel draped over them . They stand up , smile , and walk towards the doorway .
 A person some groceries out of a bag and sets them on a waste basket . They set the bag down on the counter and put the items into the refrigerator . Then they walk into the hallway and sneeze .
 There is a person in the bathroom looking in the mirror . That person drinks water out of the sink , cuts off the light and shuts the door . That same person walks into the living room , picks up the remote and sits on the couch .
 A person is sitting on a couch , holding a cup and looking out the window . The person blows into the cup and continues to sit and look out the window .
 A person opens the door to the recreation room , eating a sandwich . The person sits in a chair , and puts the sandwich away in a plastic bag .
 A person is opening a door and sweeping with a broom . Then a person is sneezing looking at a camera .
 A person puts a pillow on a shelf , picks it up and eats some food .
 A person carrying a mug and another item walks halfway up a set of stairs , stops , turns around , tosses the item down the stairs and then starts to walk back down the stairs while still carrying the mug . The person then pauses for a moment halfway before continuing down the remaining stairs .
 A person is sitting and doing homework with a book , then stops and pours a glass of juice .
 A person is sitting on the stairs with a book in their lap , playing on their laptop . The person closes their laptop and stands up .
 Person standing in front of open cabinets with something ( possibly sandwich ) in right hand looking through cabinets . Appears to hear something . Throws sandwich in trash and runs out .
 Person sits on the floor working on their laptop before turning towards the door and attempting to reach for the door knob .
 A man walks into the house , shutting both doors , then begins to play on his phone before sitting down and reaching for the door knob .
 Person standing at sink washing dishes , other person walks in sits on chair , person places pan on counter .
 A person is vacuuming a hall . The person then stops to look out the window , then draws the shades .
 A person is sitting on the floor doing homework while a different person is standing holding a bag .
 A person is removing lots of clothes from a box . The person then drops them and runs out of the room .
 A person is throwing a pillow and then sneezing unto a plate of food in a hallway .
 A person walks into a room where a dog is standing . The person takes off a coat and places it into a chair and sits on the couch .
 The person is on the floor and fumbling with something in a cabinet while a cat joins them . They stand up and walk out of the kitchen and pick something up .
 A person in a dining room is playing with their phone . They move around the room then pick up a pair of shoes and hold them as they continue playing with their phone .
 A person in a bedroom begins undressing by removing a jacket . They are working on their laptop which is lying on their bed . They look out the window .
 A person took several items out of a refrigerator and put them on a counter top . The person then closed the refrigerator door .
 A person is fixing a light in the refrigerator . The person closes the refrigerator door when they are done . Next the person touches the knobs on the stove .
 Two people are in the laundry room sitting on the ground . They are both laughing while holding a towel to the light .
 A man is sitting at a laptop and eating food . he stands up and takes laundry from the wall , and uses it to clean the floor around him .
 A person is sitting at the computer desk drinking a glass of water . They are watching something on their laptop . The person puts on a pair of glasses and stands up . The person walks through a door to the outside .
 A person is in the laundry room pulling clothes out of a bag and throwing them into the washer . The person pulls their phone out of their pocket , looks at it , and grasps it while running out of the room .
 A person is taking a box from the closet and placing it on a table , they then begin to place pillows on the box and turns off the closet light .
 A person walks through the doorway while drinking a cup of coffee . They take an item off the shelf and walk back .
 A person turns on a lamp , and then gets a jacket out of the dryer . This person puts it on , and gets another jacket out and puts it on .
 A person sitting on a couch using a laptop . Another person walks in and sits down next to the first person and then proceeds to take their shoes off .
 A person leans against the counter and plays with a towel . They throw the towel at a second person who is sitting at a table with a laptop .
 A person is holding a box and closing it on a table or desk .
 Person standing in room with hands on hip laughing in open doorway . Another person carrying bags walks in the kitchen . Person looks at other person .
 Person holding bottle , turns on faucet , rinse bottle out , turn off water , place bottle in sink . Then grabs vacuum , pulls near sinks , grabs towel , turns on water , wet towel , turns off water and wipes handle to vacuum .
 A person walks into a laundry room and grabs a broom . The person sweeps while laughing . They close the door , and leave .
 This person is tapping on the window and looking out , laughing at the sight . Then the person puts a towel into the washing machine .
 A person walks up to a television set , turns it on , then walks to a refrigerator and removes something from the refrigerator , then proceeds to take the top off a container of food and start to eat the food with a plastic fork .
 A person speaking on the phone walks into the bathroom and washes their hands in the sink . They dry up with a towel and laugh while still speaking .
 One person is at a desk working on homework while holding a laptop . Then this person closes the laptop .
 A person is standing in a cluttered room looking for something . The person opens a cabinet and pulls out an object , but continues to look around as if searching for something .
 A person is awakening on the sofa . Then , laughing , the person begins snuggling back into it before reaching to turn on the light on the table .
 A person is sitting on the floor , they take the pillow from the floor and put it on their bed and begin sneezing into their hands . They reach over to the door unlock it and try opening it .
 Person puts groceries on the counter . Person takes coffee out of the grocery bag and puts coffee and water in coffee maker . Person pours coffee in mug and drinks coffee .
 A person is standing in a doorway , drinking a glass of coffee and holding a sandwich . The person looks behind at a dog , and then continues to drink coffee .
 A person walks into a hallway and opens a closet door , the person then folds and places a blanket on the top shelf of the closet then closes the door and walks away .
 A person is walking around in circles while they eat a sandwich . A second person stands nearby while they also eat food .
 A person undressing from their school/work/professional clothes is holding a camera . After they finish kicking off their shoes , they take a picture of themself standing on a chair and holding a set of keys .
 A person reads a book while standing up , and smiles while doing so . The person continues to flip the pages .
 A person enters the living room and turns on the light . The person walks to the refrigerator , opens the door , and takes out some food . The person begins to cook a meal .
 A person leaves the room after grasping the box of laundry soap from the shelf .
 A person momentarily uses a laptop that is placed atop a washing machine , the individual then throws clothing into the washer , shuts the door , and resumes work on the laptop .
 A person is eating some food , sitting in a chair at a table . They turn a page in a book , pouring over the words intensely as they eat .
 A person takes out their phone and takes a picture of something . The person puts their phone away and lies down on the sofa .
 This person walks inside , flips a switch , picks up some shoes , then another person sits down and eats and drinks something .
 A person turns on a stove burner , moves a pan that is on top of the burner , then picks up a mirror and looks into it .
 A person is sitting on the floor in a doorway using a laptop . Another person is sitting on a shelf opening a box .
 A person turns the light off as the person leaving . Then , walking back in , the person grabs their mug of coffee from the table .
 The person looks as though they are trying to brush their teeth or do something with their mouth while carrying an armful of sheets . They lie back on the bed and stick their tongue out .
 A person holding a bag of items , picks up a milk jug , takes a drink , covers a pot on a stove with a lid and then sets the bag of items down onto the stove .
 A person in the bedroom is standing while on the phone . The are laughing and eat a sandwich .
 A person is waving their arms while vacuuming the walls and floor .
 One person is sweeping with a broom , another person is taking medicine and a third person is sitting on the floor in a kitchen .
 A person showed up in a living room in order to sweep up the floor and take of some shoes and a sweater .
 A person is walking to the vacuum and another person is leaving the dishes on the floor .
 A person in a bedroom is putting clothes into a laundry basket and then the person throws several items through the doorway and onto the floor of the hallway outside the bedroom .
 A person walks into a room . The person looks in the mirror and smiles , and then picks up a book .
 A person walks into a laundry room carrying a pillow and places the pillow behind a trash can . The person then grabs a box off of a shelf and picks something off of the floor and places it into the box .
 A person is running through an entryway while laughing . The person takes a pillow off a sofa and throws it on the ground .
 A person is standing holing a computer . They sit down and then prop them-self up on an elbow and continue to work on their computer .
 A person is standing in the bathroom and opening a container of medicine . They take some out of the package and swallow them .
 The person is flipping a pillow . The person on the left sneezed . The person on the right laughed .
 A person is sitting on the edge of a bed putting on shoes , once done , the person goes out of the doorway .
 A person runs up the stairs and sits in a chair at the top . The person pauses for a moment , grabs some food from nearby , then slowly walks back down the stairs .
 A person is opening a laptop while standing in front of a table in the home office / study .
 A person sits on a sofa , watching a movie on their laptop . The person takes their laptop and closes it .
 A person walks across the room pickup up a towel . The person opens the front door looks outside and then exits the door .
 A person is sitting in a chair holding a phone . The person gets up , grabs medicine , and opens and then closes it .
 The person is standing up while opening a laptop and then grabs a travel mug and takes several drinks while messing with the laptop .
 A person is awakening on a sofa in their recreation room . The person stands and grabs their phone from a shelf in a cabinet near the couch , and walks to the stairs .
 A person runs into the bedroom and lies down on the bed , snuggling up to a pillow . The person gets up to close the door , then quickly returns to the bed .
 A person is undressing while looking out the window . Then , putting their pants on top of their desk , the person reaches to take a drink from their mug of coffee .
 A person in the hallway lying on the floor . The person begins working on the laptop begins eating a sandwich at the doorway .
 A person got out of a chair and moved a pillow on the couch . Than this person went to the door and opened it .
 A person is taking off their jacket they picked up a glass of water took a drink then dumped the rest out in the sink . then they left the room and turned off the lights .
 A person is in the entryway putting a broom in the corner . The person picks up a glass from the table and walks it to the kitchen .
 A person runs into their home office and takes a glass from the shelf . The person quickly leaves .
 Two people are on a bed watching TV . One is sitting and one is lying down . The person lying down sneezes and the person sitting up picks up a cell phone and starts talking .
 A person is standing by the sink . The person opens the door and reaches for their shoes before sitting and putting them on .
 A person is the dining room watching television while drinking a cup of coffee . The same person then randomly starts smiling .
 A person walks holding a bag of groceries , places it on a table , the begins trying to fix a doorknob on a door , eventually opening the door but continuing to work on the doorknob .
 This person is sitting on the couch reading a book . Evidently there is something disturbing on what he read because after reading a page he got up and threw the book against a makeshift curtain inside the house .
 A person takes a book from a desk . The person walks through the doorway , closing the door behind them .
 A person walks to a window , picks something up out of it , and then takes the item to refrigerator . The person walks to a table and picks some items off of a desk and moves them .
 A person is lying on a blanket by the closet door , playing a game of hide-and-seek .
 A person is walking around their bedroom . The person then pours some water into their glass , setting the glass and empty water bottle on their table .
 A person sits in the closet , dressing themselves . The person takes a shirt from the shelf , and looks in the mirror as they put it on .
 A person is in the kitchen cleaning they grab a watter bottle then put it down then they grab a phone they use a towel to clean the counters .
 A person is looking out the window they then close the wingow and the blinds then proceed to close the laptop on a table .
 A person is in the kitchen dicing food and placing it in a pan . That same person stops , looks at a recipe book and continues cutting .
 A person is standing in front of the stove holding a book . The person throws the book onto the counter and walks to the sink to pick up a picture . The person looks at the picture and laughs .
 A person walks into the kitchen and opens a cabinet . They pour a glass of juice and drink it .
 The person is standing up from sitting on the counter in order to clean the large glass display window .
 A person is lying on the couch in the basement , watching television . The person is smiling at the show when they decide to send a text on their phone .
 A person is holding a bag of groceries . A person is sitting in a chair in front of the wardrobe .
 A person is in the laundry room pouring a cup of coffee . They then open a cabinet .
 person adjusting the shelf and touched the towel an the hanger . cleaned the mirror with the towel on shoulder . left the room closing the door
 A person sweeps the floor , adjusting a laptop , touching the blinds , and picking one object off the floor and putting it on the bed .
 A person sits and watches television while another person closes the door to a refrigerator and walks away .
 A person looks out the window while laughing in the bathroom . A person then opens the door after dressing .
 This person is using their camera as a mirror to do their hair , and another person walks out of the closet from behind them .
 A person opens a window , takes a picture out the window , and walks away .
 A person is walking in back and forth between the refrigerator and a chair . Then they start running in place while cooking at the stove .
 A person sits in front of a television , occasionally glancing from it to the laptop also in front of them , and back again . They close the laptop after a moment and pick up their phone . They select an app and begin playing a game on the phone 's touchscreen .
 A person is lying on a bed sleeping . The person wakes up and then throws a pillow on to a chair .
 A person is talking on the phone while they are throwing some trash away . Then they stop and begin pouring out an old pot of water sitting on the stove .
 A person was lying down in bed . A person then began playing with his phone . The person looks depressed .
 A person folds up a blanket and throws it into the cabinet . The person washes their hands in the sink , then opens their laptop .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching tv and laughing . They pick up a cup of coffee from a table nearby and take sips as they continue watching tv .
 A person stands in the hallway holding some dishes and looking at a picture .
 A person in their kitchen is looking in the refrigerator . The person shuts the door and walks over to the stove , reaches towards the back of the stove and stirs something in the pot . The person loos at something in another room and quickly leaves the kitchen .
 Persons standing in hallway , one person bends down and starts picking up paper and toys off the floor . Then tucks them under arm and stared at the floor . Other person watched while holding a box .
 A person wearing a gray sweater and cargo pants moves close to a bookshelf before looking through the books then leaving .
 A person is undressing , taking off their clothes as they are running up the stairs , holding their hand out to block the camera .
 A person is holding a vacuum in their recreation room while undressing . The person begins tidying up while watching television .
 A person is holding a broom and eating and apple . They put the apple down on a desk and pick up a glass and take a drink . They put the glass back on the desk
 A person in a bathroom washing and drying their hands and then picks up a shirt and folds them , picks up a second folded shirt before opening and closing a cabinet door .
 A person walks into a bedroom holding a bottle of medicine and put it on the table . They start tidying the room while watching television .
 A person enters a bedroom that is decorated with posters . After the person grabs a blanket , they sit on the bed and start eating from a bag .
 The person is bending over and picking up a pair of shoes and putting them in a box . Then they pick up the box .
 A person is cleaning a room . The person closes doors to a large cupboard and then reopens one of the doors .
 The person is shuffling through cards while standing at a table . Another person sprints through the picture , past the original person standing there .
 The person is buttoning a shirt in the bedroom . The person is then shuffling their feet on the floor ( near a pillow ) , picks up a bottle of water , and drinks it while looking in the mirror on the wall . The person then puts the water back on the ground .
 A person walks into a room carrying a pillow , removes the pillowcase and sets both items down before looking into a mirror , fixing their hair and walking out of the room .
 The person walks in and starts cooking in his pot . The person grabs seasoning and puts it in the pot .
 A person is sitting on a couch and then takes off their boots and then stands up while holding the boots , and walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting on the bed when they get up to light a stove . They then open up the cabinet to look inside
 A person sitting on a folding chair in a white tile room stands up to inspect a mirror that is built into the wall .
 A person sneezes then takes off their shoes . They pick up something from a shelf , and sneeze again . They leave the kitchen .
 A person is sitting on their bed doing homework . They pick up a plate of food and eat some before setting it back down and continuing with their work .
 A person stands at the bathroom sink , splashing water on their face to wake them up . They look behind them to the open doorway and close the door .
 A person sitting on a counter picks up a sandwich and eats it . The person puts the sandwich back down , hops off the counter and walks to the other room .
 A person is sitting in a chair and takes some medicine and drinks water from a glass and then plays on their phone .
 A person leaning on a table in a dining room walks over and gets a pillow , then takes it back to the table and throws it on a chair then smiles .
 A person opens a door and walks into a wardrobe . The person rearranges groceries and boxes from the shelf , places boxes on the floor , and sits down on the floor . The person then lounges and eats a sandwich .
 A person wrapped in a blanket leaves the room and returns . The person appears to be sneezing or sick . The person picks up a plate and walks out of the room again .
 A person is putting on a jacket in the bathroom . The person is getting a piece of paper from the bathroom shelf .
 A person sits on their bed , folding clothes . Once the clothes are folded , the person throws them into a basket .
 A person walks out of the bathroom with their phone . They begin talking on the phone .
 A person takes an open bottle of medicine from the desk , reads the label , laughs , then closes the bottle with a top .
 A person is in a dining room standing by a window , they then start to watch pictures from their camera and they laugh and giggle .
 A person is undressing in the bathroom . The person walks into the living room carrying the jacket and turns off the tv . The person puts the jacket back on and walks out of the door .
 Person is standing by mirror next to sink , then starts putting bag in sink .
 A person messes with a door by opening and closing it . The person takes a cutting board and walks out of the picture .
 A person walks into the kitchen , then pours a glass of water from the sink . The person turns to the refrigerator , and then opens it .
 A person is sitting on the stairs holding a bag they put the bag in a box and close the box then they scratch their head .
 A person is looking the closet , drink something , then take out some book from top of the closet , blow some dust out of it , and again look at the closet .
 The person is sitting at a desk . The person writes on a paper and then crumples up the paper and throws it .
 A person is sitting the toilet playing with a phone . Another person is folding a towel in the bathroom with them .
 A person tries to sweep with the wrong end of the broom . They flip it over and use the right end . They pick up a blanket and throw it back on the ground .
 A person is sitting in the car waiting for another person . The other person is holding food in one hand and homework in the other , while trying to grab the doorknob to close the house door .
 A person is sitting on a couch watching television . A second person walks in past the person on the couch , and places paper on a shelf .
 A PERSON IS FIXING A LIGHT IN A ROOM , WHEN HE TURNS IT THE LIGHT TURNS ON BRIGHTLY AND THE PERSON EXITS OUT OF THE FRAME
 A person is walking and drinking a cup of coffee . A person puts the coffee down . A person is then folding/tiding up some clothing .
 A person is seen fixing a sandwich and then sitting down on a sofa . They set the sandwich down on a nearby table while putting the remote into their hands .
 A person is putting the lid on a pot , the person lights the stove , puts the pot on the stove , the person walks into the office and looks at the screen , and the person walks back into the kitchen to check on the pot that 's on the stove .
 The person is sitting at a table and playing a game on a laptop computer , during which the person manipulates the attached mouse .
 One person runs through the doorway and grasps a laptop and shoes . Another person is eating and pouring a drink .
 A person is in a living room and takes their phone out their pocket , they then run to the light switch and turn it off .
 Person sitting on floor smiling holding a glass , drinks from glass , wipes mouth , changes hands , drinks again , stands up from chair , bends down to pick up object and stuff object in trash .
 A person enters a room , washes a glass out at the sink . The person turns and goes to the refrigerator and places something in the inside of it . The person than goes out of the room .
 A person walks into a room and crosses the floor to a mirror.The person takes a bite of a sandwich . The person throws the food to the floor .
 A person is standing next to a table , staring at a picture . The person then takes a sandwich from the table , eats the sandwich , and walks away .
 A person is in their living room fixing a picture on a wall . They grab the doorknob and close the door . They pour a cup of coffee and leave .
 The person is standing in the doorway holding a piece of paper and speaking to anther person . The other person is sitting down looking at the phone in their hand .
 The person folds a towel , and puts it in a box . They carry the box , and then stand on a chair to put the box on top of something .
 A person is working at a desk , with a pad and pencil . Suddenly the person bangs on the top of a nearby television . Banging the set kicks up some dust , causing the person to sneeze .
 A person is snuggling with a pillow as they walk down the stairs . A person then puts the pillow on the floor .
 A person is holding a book . Then a person is taking a chair a few feet over from where it was before , sitting on it , and reading the book .
 A person puts a box on a chair , opens it and takes out shoes to look at . The person then picks up something and looks closer at the shoes with it .
 A person is sitting on a bed holding a picture when another person walks into the room and wipes a window with a towel .
 A person enters their house holding their laptop . They stand in the entryway on their phone laughing . The person places the laptop on the chair in the entryway , and fixes a picture on the wall .
 A person sits on the floor in the entryway reading a book . They close the book and put it into a box . They stand up , open a door and walk through the doorway .
 A person opens a door and walks through into a room , they then take a drink from a glass while looking out a window . Afterwards they look into a mirror and smile then grab a broom .
 A person stands at a stove cooking something in a pot . They pick up a box and move it next to a laptop .
 A person taking some things out of a basket and tossing them on the floor and then taking off his shoes and jacket .
 A person walks into a bathroom holding a broom and sneezes . The person then leans the broom against a chair and starts undressing .
 A person in the laundry room is throwing a pillow at another person who is running around while holding some dishes .
 A person drinks from a cup then sits down on a sofa . The person sets down their cup and kicks off their shoes . The person then picks up , takes a drink , then sets down the glass again .
 Person is walking to bathroom with clothes on starts grasping cabinet knob opens it and gets fresh clothes out .
 A person walks to a chair , sits down , picks up a book and opens it . The person takes a selfie with a phone , puts the book down , gets up and walks away .
 A person walks into the room , and takes their shoes off placing them next to a box .
 A person is seen walking past a chair . They then begin sneezing and they sit in the chair with a mirror in their hands
 A person walks in to a kitchen and takes a couple of drinks from a cup.The person turns and smiles and walk to the counter and puts the cup down .
 Person # 1 went and sat on a sofa next to person # 2 . They cuddled for a moment and then person # 2 poured a drink in a cup . Person # 1 drank from the cup . They began cuddling again .
 A person walks into a closet and takes a camera off the shelf . A second person standing nearby , watching , walks to the closet and the person inside turns around a takes a picture .
 A person is sitting in front of a desk working on a computer . The person quickly gets up and walks over to a cabinet door that is open , and closes the cabinet door . The person goes to a shelf in the kitchen and takes peanut butter and a bag and places it in the refrigerator .
 A person is laughing as they watch a video on their camera . The person turns the camera off , puts it away , and leaves .
 A person is standing and looking out the window . Then the person puts down their bag of groceries and begins tidying the stairwell .
 A person is sitting in a chair holding a bottle of water . They take some medicine and drink the water . Then they play on the computer .
 The person walks into their home , carrying a brand new broom in . The person then stands in the entryway , holding the broom deciding where to put it .
 A person sneezes while they sweep the garage door . They then sit down and take their shoes off .
 The person in the video is lying down on the floor while playing with a glass they are holding in the air .
 A person is holding a dish as they try to turn the doorknob for the closet . Once it 's open , the person pulls out a vacuum .
 A person is in the living room holding a plate of food . They walk in to the kitchen and turn on the light before cleaning a dish in the sink .
 In the garage , a person stands on a chair trying to change the light , while another person is watching them in a mirror .
 A person is pouring a cup of coffee from a thermos . The person sits down on the toilet and begins playing with their phone .
 Person sitting in a chair laughing at the television then get up and start sweeping the floor
 A person enters a doorway and closes the door behind them .The person grabs a bag off the floor and places clothing inside of it . The person walks away and opens the door to leave .
 A person is walking into a room opening a closet or wardrobe and putting clothes away .
 A person sits on a bed with a pillow . This person throws the pillow on the floor and picks up a toy computer .
 A person walks up to the stove , turns it on and begins cooking some food on the stove . They pick up a bottle of water and begin drinking .
 The person walks up the stairs holding a sandwich and smiling . The person reaches the top of the stairs and flips a switch near a door .
 A person runs back and forth up and down a hallway while holding a glass while another person holds a broom and watches .
 A person is at the stove cooking . They walk to the refrigerator , look irritated as if they can not find what they are looking for , and begin throwing things out of it .
 A person opens their laptop . The person is sitting down and starts using their laptop . The person then closes their laptop .
 A person is standing holding a flash light and a camera . They examine the camera .
 The person was pouring medicine while talking on the phone . They then turned off the light while smiling .
 A person looks at themselves in the mirror and does poses .
 A person vacuumed a counter . The person then put a box away in the refrigerator before continuing to vacuum .
 A person stands at the bottom of the stairs eating food from a bag , and looking out the window .
 Two people sitting down in a room . One person drinking out of a glass while the other is putting shoes in a box .
 A person takes a camera from the closet , closes the door , and puts it on a table .
 A person is walking into the pantry and they see a second person already sitting in the pantry . The second person is playing on their phone while eating a sandwich . The first person walks over and looks to see what they are doing .
 A person in a garage runs around riding a broom and tossing something in the air , stops briefly to take a bite of of a sandwich on a shelf
 A person walks down steps and puts on shoes before picking up a box and heading out the door .
 A person is in the pantry holding a box they shake something out of the box
 A person is holding a bag while standing on the stairs . The person walks through a doorway to the kitchen and opens the refrigerator . The person begins to take groceries out of the bag and put them in the refrigerator .
 The person seems to be sweeping the bathroom floor . The the person drops the broom and starts running in place .
 A person shuts a door then opens it again to enter and bow to the camera while laughing . The person is carrying a towel that is placed on a shelf in a closet that the person opens . The person then walks away .
 There is a person standing at the stove cooking with pot . That same person then walks over and picks up a glass and takes a drink .
 A person eating a cookie and standing at the door of their pantry , sneezes . They knock off a broom as their body jerks from the force of their sneeze , and bump into a phone resting on a shelf , knocking it further back on the shelf slightly .
 The person is sitting in a chair holding a book and then leans up very swiftly and puts on one shoe very fast and then the other and puts the book down very hard on the desk and then leaves the room swiftly .
 A man is standing in front of a mirror in his mirror undressing . He takes a jacket off , then a shirt , then an undershirt . His wife walks into the room past him and goes into the closet talking on the phone . He begins to take off his belt .
 A person standing in the middle of an incredibly messy room picks up a bag full of clothing and sets it on the heap of refuse .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching television . Another person is sitting in a chair at a table fixing their hair while looking in a mirror .
 The person walks out the room while drinking . When done , the person puts down the glass and takes off shoes
 A person runs into the room holding a camera . The person puts the camera on the shelf , then picks up a pile of dishes and leaves the room .
 A person is lying on a bed and playing with the light on a nightstand while another person is opening the door and exciting the bedroom .
 A person in a home office takes of their shoes and takes their medicine while watching a video on their phone . The person then eats a cookie .
 A person holding a towel opens the doors of a closet and begins tossing items out of the closet and onto the floor and then the person walks away while still holding the towel .
 A third person view of inside an apartment and seeing the door open and one of two men enters . This man paces nervously around before stopping to look out a window .
 A person is dressing in front of a mirror and then taking a picture in front of a cabinet in the bathroom .
 A person walks into the closet , opens the door , gets in , grabs a flashlight and turns it on . They take some homework from a bag and start looking at it . Another person runs in while laughing , closes the door to the closet while the other person is still in there and runs out .
 A person is undressing in the laundry room . The person grasps the side of a chair to steady their balance and knocks a book onto the floor .
 A person is lying on the bed , another person opens the door and come inside the room carrying some parcel in a beg , the first person wakes up , remove his blanket and gets up from the bed and start walking towards the table , he sit on the chair and start shuffling the papers and read them , the first person walk with the beg to another room .
 A person is holding a pillow while sitting on a couch . He stands up and goes to clothes a window .
 A person that is sitting in a hallway is eating a sandwich and drinking coffee . Another person is lying on the floor in the hallway .
 One person walks into the hall with a pillow and a pair of shoes in hand , then runs toward the doorway .
 A person eats some food then they begin laughing at something playing on their phone .
 A person in the entryway is working on their laptop while sitting on top of a pillow . They drop some medicine that they were holding in their left hand and then fix their clock to match the correct time .
 This person appears to be in the home office area . This person is at desk , writing something on paper and on their laptop .
 A person runs through the doorway into a dining room , removes a glass from a nearby cabinet , places it on the table , picks up a pitcher which was sitting on the table and pours themself a glass of whatever beverage or liquid it contains .
 A person is eating food at a desk in the basement . The person drinks a glass of water and takes the plate to the door and leaves .
 A person enters the kitchen , opens a cabinet , then sneezes . They remove food from the shelf and leave .
 A person is grasping a broom . The person begins tidying up the kitchen , then stops and lifts their sandwich from the plate on top of the stove .
 A person sitting in a chair snuggling a blanket watched a video on a laptop and eats something out of a bag . the person then stands and closes the laptop .
 A person opens the door to their bathroom . The person walks in and stand in front of the mirror to take a picture .
 A person is sitting at a table eating a sandwich and drinking water from a glass . The person stands up and cleans the wall with a towel .
 A person is standing in the doorway , while a other person leaves a camera nearby .
 A person is tidying up the desk . The person sprays the desk and wipes it down with a paper towel . The person takes a photo with a phone of their cleanliness work .
 The person is grasping at the sink and then smiling at the laptop in the kitchen .
 A person is standing in front of a refrigerator holding a bag of groceries . They open the refrigerator and place the groceries inside .
 A person is running into the kitchen pantry carrying a broom . The person puts the broom against the wall , bristles up , and is tidying up the cans on the shelf . The person is then sitting in a chair eating a sandwich .
 A person is standing and holding a box . Then , laughing , the person walks over to the sofa and sits down .
 A person is eating food slowly then plays with doorknob by twisting it left and right .
 Person walking into the garage , puts bag on car to pull out sweater and put it on before picking up the bag and going back into the house .
 A person walks into a walk in closet , turns on a light , takes a pillow off a shelf and throws it into the bedroom and then leaves the closet .
 A person walks into a bathroom and opens a cabinet door and takes out a bottle . The person pours the contents of the bottle into a smaller container , drinks it , then places the cap back onto the bottle and places it under the sink and walks out of the bathroom .
 In a garage a person is running around in a circle holding a towel . The person is throwing food down on the floor in the center of the circle .
 A person is sitting on a couch and takes off their shirt before getting up and walking to the kitchen . After taking a glass from the counter , the person opens the fridge , takes out a pitcher of water , and smiles .
 A person is sitting at a dining table eating a sandwich while reading a book . Two children come into the room and begin to play and run around the table .
 A person is seen lying their head on the counter near the sink . They look in the cabinet and then pour themselves some medicine . They then turn their head towards a nearby picture
 A person takes a pink blanket off of a chair and throws it on the floor . The person then washes some dishes in the sink with some dish soap .
 A person is holding a dish with a sandwich on it and a cup . The person walks over the refrigerator and looks in it while moving items around . The person puts their cup in it and closes the door .
 A person walks in , holding some groceries , they open the door of the refrigerator . They almost drop the groceries , and laugh at themselves .
 Two people walk into a laundry room . One person eats a sandwich while the other looks out a window .
 A person is pouring a glass of water in their hallway . They are sitting down and holding a camera , attempting to take a picture of themselves .
 A person is sitting at a desk using the computer while another person is at a book shelf they have a glass of water and they are drinking it . then they walk over to the couch and sit down .
 A person is walking into the room , holding a towel . The person sits down and begins watching TV , eating a sandwich as the person does so .
 A person sits on the couch and pours water from one cup into another . They take a drink of water and then sneeze . Then they get a bottle of medicine from a nearby table and eat some medicine . Then they snuggle with a pillow , and then they get up and leave the room .
 One person ran out of the door and the other person sat on a chair and ate a sandwich .
 Person is moving around a sandwich and a paper towel before tossing it onto a shelf in the pantry and sneezing .
 A person is holding shoes and sneezing then they rub their throat and walk away .
 A person holding food walks into a room and sits down on a couch . They pick up a phone and take a picture of themselves while eating the food .
 A person in their pantry is standing up while dressing themselves by putting on a jacket . They pick up a pillow and start watching themselves through a mirror .
 In the hallway , a person is sitting down on the ground while eating some groceries that the just bought . They look out the window while smiling because it is bright outside .
 He is sitting in a walkway , and picking up a book and startng to read , and getting up again and went .
 A person puts some food in a pot on the stove and cooks it .
 The person walked quickly into the room and opened the shelf . The person took some Kleenex out of the closet and put it on the floor .
 A person opens up a medicine bottle of headache pills . They place the bottle back on the shelf , leaving it just where they had found it .
 A person is entering through the door . The person wipes their feet on the run . The person picks up a pair of shoes from underneath a chair and unties them .
 One person stands by a cabinet and puts a camera inside while another person sits at the table .
 A person is holding a camera then sneezes while standing in the doorway .
 THE PERSON IS SITTING AT A TABLE PUTTING ON THEIR SHOES . THEY THEN GET UP SNEEZE AND WALK ACROSS THE ROOM TO A DOOR AND OPEN IT .
 A person walks into the kitchen , stops and sneezes , moves some object on the counter and then walks out of the room .
 A person is grasping a blanket . Then a person is closing a pillowcase after a person put a pillow in it .
 Person walks into the Living room . Person turns on the television . Person sits in a chair , opens a box of cookies and eats the cookies .
 One person snuggles with a fluffy towel on a chair and smiles at what 's inside a box .
 A person is cooking something on the stove and then goes to the refrigerator and begins pouring a drink .
 A person is standing in the kitchen preparing food on the stove . The person leans against the refrigerator .
 While waiting for the laundry to finish , A person is eating food and standing beside a chair .
 A person takes a dose of cough syrup , inspects the label on the bottle , sets the bottle on a shelf in a cabinet , and then takes their phone from their pocket and starts using it
 People are in a kitchen talking . One throws a towel in the sink , and the other takes it out and puts in on the counter .
 A person is sitting on a chair typing on a laptop . The person is done typing and shuts off and closes the laptop . They grasp a mug and take a sip of their coffee .
 A person working out in their bedroom finishes their yoga routing and takes a breather , sitting on the bed . They grab a book they 've been putting off reading , and run towards the bedroom 's doorway , to go get coffee .
 Person tidies up the desk in the home office and the places the laptop on top of it . Person then sits down and beings to play games on the computer .
 A person was sneezing and throwing clothes while a second person sat on the stairs eating a small portion of food .
 Person leaving the bathroom , comes back in and turns on the light , picks up a medicine bottle before leaving again .
 A person standing in their kitchen in front of their refrigerator uses their camera to take a picture of themself . They then take a bite out of a sandwich .
 A person is washing a cabinet in the kitchen . The person is holding a pillow .
 A sick person enters the bathroom wearing a blanket over their shoulders . The person picks up a glass , drinks from it , puts it down , and sneezes into a tissue .
 A person is sitting on the floor reading a magazine while another person sleeps atop a blanket on the floor nearby .
 Person A is walking through and entryway holding a mobile phone and a pair of shoes . Person A turns the doornobo and throws the shoes into a closet .
 A person is taking something out of the washing machine . They look at it and throw it back in . They then turn off the light , lay on the floor and cover their head with a blanket .
 A person is standing in a pantry sneezing into a bag . The person then puts the bag in a garbage , picks up a broom and sweeps while smiling . Then the person picks up a bag from the floor and places it on a shelf .
 A person is playing with a mirror sitting on the toilet then begings to eat on top of the sink .
 Person sitting on chair turns to watch tv . Then picks up clothes and throws it to the other room . Person then stands up , bends down , picks up clothes , stands up , bends down again to touch clothes .
 A person is playing on their laptop while drinking a glass of water . The person grabs a piece of food .
 A person with a blanket on their shoulders walks to their front door . The person takes out a phone and plays with it .
 A person is sitting in a chair and working on their laptop . The phone rings and the person stands up and begins walking to answer it , pausing to move a pile of clothes out of their way .
 There 's two people here . Both are sitting on the couch . One is eating a sandwich and the other is pouring something .
 A person was talking on the phone while walking around a room . . While talking , the person grabbed a jacket and put it on . The person then picked up a comb from a nearby counter and used it for grooming .
 In the hallway , a person sees a glass sitting on a desk . They take the glass and wash it .
 A person is sitting on the couch and then stands up and takes a phone from the table and opens it and begins to look at the screen .
 A person is sitting at a table , eating a sandwich . The person picks up some medicine and takes it with a glass of water .
 One person is laughing running through the entryway with a laptop while another person is leaving with a vacuum .
 A person is sitting in a chair holding a framed picture and a blanket . The person sneezes on the picture and then wipes it off with the blanket .
 A person is holding the door to the refrigerator open . They pull a glass bowl of fruit out of the refrigerator . After closing the door , they begin eating the fruit .
 A woman is sitting on a couch holding her laptop . She begins to eat something as she is working on her laptop .
 A person runs around their garage picking clothes up off the floor and puts them in a box . The person sneezes several times .
 A man is sitting on the floor and watching television in a living room , using his laptop as a play back device .
 In the living room , a person is throwing a pillow at another person . That person is smiling because they think it is funny , and they throw a book back at the other person .
 A person is cooking something on the stove . They kick off their shoes and then begin eating .
 The smiling person opened the desk drawer . The person took out a pair of scissors and put them on the shelf by the desk .
 A person is fixing their clothes while standing in the hallway . They look toward the doorway and start running toward the door .
 The person in the video begins by walking to the far end of the room to the washer and taking something out that looks like a blanket or sheet . After closing the machine the person places the object in the dryer and closes it . Then the person takes out their phone and poses for a selfie .
 A person is pours a drink on a desk , then starts to drink the medicine and closes a drawer on the desk .
 A person is sitting at a computer desk in a chair eating a snack . While eating , the person picks up some papers to look through . The person then gets up from the desk , gathers their trash , walks over to chair , moves a piece of clothing from the chair to a shelf , and then walks out of the room .
 A person is pacing while holding a camera and looking through the view . They then put the camera into it 's bag .
 A person walks from one room to anther room carrying shoe.The person places the shoes on a stand and proceeds to leave the room .
 This person walked in the room at a fast pace , picked up a little brrom / duster and and dusted the table around the laptop .
 A person in their man cave finishes tidying up the room , and plops down on a sofa to start watching their favorite show . They lean back against a pillow on the sofa and grab a drink containing their favorite beverage .
 A person is walking near the doorway and is holding a blanket as they go up the stairs .
 A person walks into the room and opens up a toaster oven . They close it back and then open the refrigerator . They get an object out and set it on the counter , then walk out of the room .
 A person walks into the room with their phone . That same person puts their phone in their pocket and picks up a cup of coffee and drinks it .
 A man sits down on a couch , then leans sideways to lay down for a moment before rising up off the couch and walking out of the room .
 One person is folding some clothes and they put them on a shelf while another person begins snuggling with a blanket . They begin to talk and laugh .
 A person sweeps with a broom before they start sneezing . They sit on the sofa and play a video game .
 The person walked in the bedroom and vacuumed the area around the bed . The person turned the vacuum off .
 One person in a chair grasps a glass , pours soda into it , then starts sneezing and leaves the room .
 The person holds a cup . The person rubs their face with clothes . The person takes a few steps . The person drinks from the cup and rubs their face with the clothes again .
 One person is throwing towels into the dryer . Another person is sitting on top of the dryer holding a book and reading .
 A person is standing in the closet , looking through a cabinet . The person takes out a bottle of medicine , pours some into a small cup , and takes it .
 The person was lying down on a sofa . The person then grabbed a phone next to them . The person then got up . The person then put on shoes . The person got up and walked away .
 Person is sitting on the floor with knees up and blanket draped over shoulders and nuzzles in blankets before standing , taking off blanket , walking into other room and turning off the light before walking out of the room and sitting on the ground and draping the blanket over body again .
 A person runs to sit in a chair with a sandwich in their hand . The person puts the sandwich on the table and grabs a glass of water and drinks it .
 A person adjusts the camera , picks up a straw broom and a blue box , walks around a little , puts the items down , adjusts the camera again and walks away .
 A person is cooking food on the stove . The person turns the stove off , turns out the light , and runs out .
 A person is standing in front of a kitchen pantry drinking a cup of coffee and reading the back of a bag of coffee beans .
 The person is standing at a desk looking in a drawer . They then grab a bad and pull out a sandwich . The person sits down and sniffs the sandwich
 the person inside the room adjusting something in rack and packing his bag thrown in the bed and went out
 A person is tidying up the dining room table . The person grabs a box of medicine , a picture , and some homework and places them on the counter . The person then sneezes .
 A person is grasping a blanket . Then the person walks to stand by the window , putting the blanket down and picking up a sandwich to eat .
 A person wrapped up in blankets gets up and stretches , and takes a book and broom and walks out of the room .
 A person walks to the door and stands in front of it . They then walk to the kitchen and wipe the cabinet doors .
 A person walks into the garage while holding a cup of coffee and a camera . They walk over to a shelf and set the camera down before taking a drink of coffee .
 A person washes their hands in a sink and dry their hands off with a towel . They move a chair out of their way , and open a door , walking through it and leaving .
 Person walks into the living room while eating a sandwich . Person turns on television and stands in front of it . Person picks up bottle from coffee table , opens the bottle , and starts drinking .
 The person was on the sofa snuggling under the blanket with no clothes on while eating their favorite kind of candy . The person was having a good time .
 The person is in the entryway where they are washing the mirror and cabinet down while sneezing .
 A person approaches a pantry and opens the door , and then the person sits down on the floor and reaches into the pantry and pulls out a can and holds it .
 A person walked into a room while holding a broom . The person then swept the floor . The person then stopped sweeping and organized some things on a table . The person then picked up a glass that was sitting on the table and continued to sweep .
 A person is looking into the mirror while dressing , the person takes a sip of their coffee that they are drinking .
 A person on the stairs is tidying up . The person stands and looks in a mirror . They turn on the light then start playing on their phone .
 A person is at a desk sitting down while another person is pouring coffee then taking a backpack and walking out the door .
 A man stands in the doorway of a bathroom talking on his cell phone , holding an object in his other hand .
 A person is standing and opening the wardrobe . Then , closing it , the person sits at the table and begins to do their homework .
 A man sits at the table and types quickly on his laptop , then begins to smile and laugh while he is watching something on his screen .
 A person walks into the room , takes some clothes off the floor and gets dressed . They undress and put the clothes back on the floor , then redress in another item , grab some homework from a desk and walk away .
 One person grasps a book from a cabinet , then closes it . Then this person drinks coffee and laughs at the book .
 A person sitting in a chair puts some medicine in their lap on a towel . The person stands up and drops the medicine and towel on the floor . The person picks them up .
 Person # 1 sat on their bed holding a plate with a sandwich . Person # 2 stood near the bed smiling at person # 1 .
 A person opens a small cabinet door and takes a plate and some food out of it . The person looks through the box of food .
 The person walked in the room and hung a purse on the doorknob and then walked over to the bed shuffled the covers and then sat down for a little bit and then a cat walked into the room whiile the person was starting to walk out .
 A person sits down in a chair . This person takes a drink out of a bag on a table and starts to drink . They pause before taking a second drink .
 One person is alone in a dining room . They go to the cabinet to take a bowl out , and then they sit at the table and look out the window
 A person is sitting down on a chair , then then grab a pillow , throw it on the floor and laugh .
 A person is entering a laundry room , putting a towel on a dryer , and sitting down and putting shoes on .
 A person is fixing a television and then closing a window in an entryway .
 A person stands in the hallway , drinking a cup of coffee and eating a sandwich . They close a nearby open door before leaving the hallway .
 A person picks up a plate with a sandwich on it from the stove and sneezes .
 A person is in a kitchen pouring coffee in a cup . The spill and grab a towel to clean it up . They close the window and eat dinner .
 A person putting food away into their refrigerator in their kitchen tidies up the food already in it . They put some boxes of prepared food near their stove , and start pouring water into a pot to begin cooking .
 A person walks in the pantry holding a pile of dishes . The person puts the dishes onto the shelf . The person ties the laces in one of their shoes , then grabs a book off the shelf and leaves .
 A person is standing in the doorway smiling . The person opens grabs some medicine off of a chair and opens the door .
 Two people sitting next to each other . One person is falling asleep with a pillow in their lap while the other is watching and smiling .
 A person in a pantry looks up toward the top shelf while holding a sandwich
 A person is standing in front of a desk playing with a deck of cards . The person tidies up the cards and puts them back into their box , then puts the box in a bag . The person turns off the light and walks out .
 A person drinks from a cup then puts it in the sink and begins washing it with a towel .
 A person makes a sandwich and puts it on a dish and then laughs while looking at a laptop .
 A person is standing in the bathroom drinking a cup of coffee . The person puts the coffee on the shelf , grabs a blanket , and laughs .
 person puts a medicine bottle in the bathroom sink , takes it back and sets on counter , washes and dries hands , picks up a pillow and holds against their chest and walks away
 There is a person vacuuming in a laundry room . That same person then takes off their shirt and put the shirt and a blanket in the washing machine .
 The person is standing in a hallway and opening a medicine bottle . The person takes off their shoes while closing the medicine bottle .
 A person cleans the frame of a door and the door window with a pink rag . The person puts the rag over their shoulder and walks away .
 A person was standing near the bottom of a staircase . That person read a colorful brochure while taking sips from a silver cup . While taking a fourth sip , the person dropped the brochure onto the steps , took two steps to the bottom of the stairs , and then closed an small cabinet on the floor one door at a time .
 A person is closing a door to the hallway while carrying clothes . Then a person is leaving the hallway and picks up a pillow in addition to the clothes they were already carrying .
 A person is sitting in the study doing homework at the desk . The person takes their shoes off and puts them in a box before closing it .
 A person is in a garage washing down a bag with a towel , they then sit in a chair and begin working on their laptop .
 A person is sitting on the floor and playing with a pillow , while another person is closing the locks on a front door .
 A person washes dishes and looks out a window before grabbing a cup full of water and drinking it , then deposits the cup into a sink before turning off the light .
 One person is fixing a squeaky doorknob . Another person is leaving the room with a broom in their hand .
 Smiling to themselves , Person stands while wrapped in a blanket , looking longingly at a glass , then sneezes strongly .
 A person runs into the living room . The person bends down and starts picking up things off of the floor , tidying it up .
 A person is smiling next to a refrigerator in the kitchen then proceeds to cook on a stove .
 Person at sink , turned on water , placed clothes in sink and washed it . Then turned off water , put on shoes and ran out the bathroom down the hallway .
 A person walks and opens a large storage drawer . The person takes something out of it and points the camera towards someone on the floor .
 The person places a plate in the kitchen sink and walks to the refrigerator . The person opens the refrigerator and takes something out of it . The person walks away and turns on the stove . The person turns back around and laughs . The person sees the open refrigerator door and walks over to close it .
 The person wips the drawer with a napkin . The person sits down and starts reading a book , laughing .
 A person in the kitchen is pouring themselves a glass of water . They start undressing by taking a jacket off , and then wrap a blanket around them that they find on a shelf . They look out the window .
 A person holding a phone walks to the closet and grasps the doorknob of the open door . While looking inside , they sneeze then turn out the light .
 A person is sitting in a chair next to a laptop reading a book . The person puts the book on the bed and drinks from a water bottle before picking the book back up and resuming reading .
 A person is seen watching something in a bag . They begin standing and take some medicine out of the bag .
 A person picks up a box from the counter with their let hand and reads it and with the right hand picks up a coffee pot and pours coffee into a cup .
 A person is washing dishes and putting them into the dishwasher , then runs their hands through the water , dries their hands on a white towel before setting it down and leaving the room .
 Person is standing in hallway holding a glass . Person turns to look at picture on wall and smiles .
 One person is in a chair with a laptop working on homework . Another person with a broom is leaving the room .
 A person is drinking from a coffee cup and is eating something while leaning on a counter . Lastly the person walks into the bathroom .
 While a person in sitting in a chair he reaches to grab medicine from a cabinet and takes it with a bottle of water that he picks up . The person stands from the chair and walks to a mirror in which the person looks at the reflection in the mirror .
 A person sitting in a chair rubbing his face on a blanket.The person gets up and turns off the tv and sits back down and start rubbing their face on the blanket again .
 Someone grabs things from the floor and puts them on the counter . Then they grab a bag .
 a person is standing against a wall holding a camera and taking pictures of themself while they are smiling at the camera .
 A person is throwing some clothes on the floor . They start taking groceries off a counter and put them in a cabinet .
 A person takes a cup of coffee from the table and drinks from it . The person eats a sandwich while reading a book .
 Person A awakens from a nap in the kitchen because sneezing and quickly realizes there are groceries lying on the floor . Person then takes the boxes of cereal and places them in the kitchen pantry .
 A person carrying a glass enters the room through the doorway and closes the door . They walk to the window and look outside , then throw the glass on the floor .
 A person is in a entryway laughing while on their phone , they then grasp a chair and take a seat .
 The person is holding some shoes and a bag in their hands while standing in the hallway laughing .
 This person appears to be laying on the floor flat on their back in front to the right side of the window inside a room .
 A person eating a sandwich in a kitchen , another person is coming though a door the person close the door and proceeds to cross the room with a bag .The person places the bag on the counter and throws something at the other person .
 A person is looking at laptop , go and sit on the chair , another person comes running , keep some packets and run away , first person is looking at camera , gets up and try to close it with hand .
 One person runs into the entryway , grasps a broom from a cabinet and leaves .
 A person stands in a kitchen , grabs something out of the cabinet , sprinkles it into a pot , smells it , and starts sneezing furiously before putting it back into the cabinet .
 Someone is opening a cabinet and reaching up to get a pillow with a pink pillow case covering it .
 A person is lying on a bed holding a pillow . They get up , pick up some clothes and put them in a hamper . They pick up the hamper and leave .
 A person stands up , opens a window , as another person in the same room sneezes while looking into a mirror .
 A person is sitting at the table fixing their phone . They begin sneezing and run out of the room .
 A person is using a vacuum on the hallway floor . The person puts the vacuum down , picks up a camera , and takes a picture .
 A person opens up a cupboard and takes medicine out and places it on the counter and then closes the door . They reach into an open cabinet and grab some food from a plate and start to eat .
 A person stands in a kitchen , looking at a glass of water . The person drinks from the glass , then goes to the refrigerator and pours more water . The person then walks through a doorway and sets the glass on a table .
 A person is holding a pot over the stove then pours the contents into the sink .
 A person is tidying the cabinet with the shoes in it . Then the person is walking while talking on their phone .
 A person places a broom against a doorknob then grasps a laptop and starts to play on it .
 A person is standing in their recreation room . They put a coffee in a bottle on the television before leaving .
 Person walking to wall turning lights on , closing door then sitting down at desk opening laptop and working on it .
 A person enters the room and picks up some food off a table and eats it . Then he picks up a bottle of gatorade and holds it , then sets it back on the table . he sits down in a chair and eats some more food and another person enters the room and goes to pick up something off of a bottom shelf .
 A person is lying on a couch , covered with a blanket . The person stretches and starts playing with the blanket . The person then puts the blanket over one shoulder and walks through a doorway .
 A person is standing in the bathroom holding a sandwich on a plate . The person is looking in the mirror and sneezes twice into his hand .
 A person runs into the room , holding a pair of shoes . The person closes the door and puts the shoes on .
 A person sits at a table . They take some homework out of a box , look at it , then put it back in the box . They take a towel from their lap and begin throwing it in the air .
 A person sitting and looking at a laptop picks up something from a table , opens it and then holds it above their head .
 A person is sitting on the floor holding a book and drinking a cup of coffee . The put the cup down and pick up and talk on a phone while sneezing .
 The person walks though a door to their bedroom , closing the door behind them . The person continues on into the room and climbs in to bed and throws the covers over himself .
 One person sits in a chair and watches another person opening and closing the refrigerator .
 A person is carrying groceries and running down stairs . The person laughs and turns on a light at the bottom of the stairs .
 The person gives their dog a treat . The person then sniffs a bag of coffee which causes them to sneeze . They laugh . The person sniffs the coffee again , and sneezes again .
 A person is in their study sitting on a chair doing their homework and eating a sandwich . They stop and watch a video on their computer .
 A person is throwing a book into a cabinet . Then a person is throwing clothes out the door that do n't belong in an office .
 Someone is sitting on a couch staring in the distance . They stand up and turn on a light .
 A person takes a huge gulp of coffee while struggling with their homework . After a minute the person puts the glass down and starts laughing .
 A person is sitting in a chair holding a box of food . The person opens the box and pours its contents onto some dishes , then throws the box onto the floor .
 A person is sitting on the toilet drinking coffee . The person then grabs a bag and puts some shoes in it and puts the bag on a shelf .
 The person opens a book . The person is writing on a piece of paper doing homework while watching T.V . Person fixes mistake on paper , turns off T.V .
 A person wrapped in a blanket drinks water from a glass and take medicine , and then pour the rest of water in the sink .
 A person is laughing while using the vacuum cleaner in the hallway . Then the person begins watching their laptop intently .
 Person coming into the room and sits in a chair at the table , gets back up and grabs the vacuum , and leaves vacuuming the rug .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom . Then they go and close a laptop that 's on a counter . And then they dance .
 A person sits on the bed and holds a pillow . A person then begins to sneeze , and throws the pillow back on the bed .
 A person picks up a bag and walks into the laundry room . They turn on the light , open the other door , and open the washing machine . They then pick up something from a shelf , looks at it , and sits it back down .
 A person is sitting on the counter , while another person is looking in the refrigerator .
 A person holds their phone in front of them and takes a picture with the camera . The person leaves the room , closing the door behind them .
 A person is walking around in a garage , holding a framed picture . The person walks back and forth over a broom . The person then picks up the broom and runs out of the room .
 A person is washing a shelf in a pantry . The person is sneezing . The person uses a little vacuum to clean . The person shines a light to see where to vacuum .
 A person runs into their bedroom and closes the door . The person lies down on the sofa and takes a picture of themselves .
 The person is working in the home office . Person is fixing a laptop at the desk . Person grabs a water from the mini refrigerator in the office . The person turns on a table light to see better . The person sneezes .
 While the person was doing their homework on their laptop the person decided undressing would make their more comfy while sitting there working .
 A person picks up some blankets off the ground and puts them down . The person then puts on some shorts and walks towards the camera
 The girl is taking off her sweatshirt one sleeve at a time , making sure to pull down her shirt as necessary and pushing her glasses back up .
 Mr. X opened the refrigerator and removed and sandwich , placing it onto a plate . Before eating the sandwich , the person could be seen opening a can of soda as well . Perhaps it was unusual to stand up in the kitchen while eating their lunch , but Mr. X did n't care . It was faster than going to a table .
 A person is sneezing as they try to put away groceries in their pantry . The person takes their phone out and snaps a picture of themselves . The person leaves .
 A person is in a bathroom doorway undressing . The person throws their clothes in a pantry and grasp the doorknob and open the door .
 A smiling person is sitting on a sofa in a living room taking off their shoes . The person starts eating a cookie .
 A person walks to a refridgerator , opens it , and takes something out of it , then closes the refrigerator and walks away .
 The person is sitting down on top of a bucket at the top of the stairs , eating and drinking from a glass .
 A person lying on a bed awakes , stands up , takes a towel off of a table and then leaves by opening a door and walking through the doorway and then closing the door .
 A person in the bathroom is smiling in the mirror while using their phone to take a picture of themselves . Afterwards , they start pouring a glass of water down the sink .
 While standing in the middle of old dishes and a broken vacum , someone started sneezing while drinking tea . While the person is sneezing , the tea ends up being poured onto the dishes .
 the person opens the pantry door and begins tidying the new groceries , throwing old food away
 This person is sitting at a desk , watching something on laptop and then starts to sneeze .
 A person opens the top off a bottle and sets the top on the counter and walks away then comes back to the bottle .
 The person is fixing stuff in the closet , and then picks up a bowl and starts eating .
 A person is sitting on the couch with a blanket trying to sleep while another person walks through with a bag of groceries and takes them to the fridge and puts them away .
 A person walks in from outside eating a sandwich . The person walks into the living room and watches some television while eating . The person then touches a doorknob .
 A person walks across the kitchen and pulls a blanket out of a box in the pantry , then walks across the floor and puts the blanket down .
 The recreation room has a desk with a laptop and a chair in one corner . The person walks into the recreation room , they close the door behind them . The person is undressing as they walk over to the desk . They are in their underwear as they take a seat and start playing around with the laptop .
 A person sitting at a table eats some food from a dish . They take a glass and hold it in a one hand while continuing to eat .
 A person is tidying some things around the garage and using the vacuum . The person finishes , then begins working on homework .
 A person is eating at their desk . Then , taking their plate , the person walks into the kitchen , pausing to check their reflection in the mirror .
 A person sits on a chair in the rec room/man cave . A person looks at a picture on their phone and smiles .
 A person opens a refrigerator door . That person kneels down , unlaces and removes their boots . They stand up .
 Two people are in a room . One person is sitting on a bed speaking on the phone . The other person is sitting in a chair and holding a bottle of medicine .
 A person puts on dish gloves and starts washing dishes in the sink . The person uses a sponge and dish soap . The person then picks up a glass of coffee and takes a sip , before putting the glass on the counter , turning off the water and light , and leaving the room .
 Person sitting on the bed eating pick up a box and open it put something in it and closes the box .
 A person is taking off their shirt , then they walk over to the closet and open it , and take out a card . They look at the card then throw it down .
 The person takes what appears to be a couple of empty bags , squashes them up , opens a cupboard and puts the bags on the bottom shelf . The person walks away from the cupboard , leaving the door open and walks toward the refrigerator . The person picks up a sandwich from the countertop next to the refrigerator and proceeds to eat it .
 A person is standing at a wardrobe and takes off a shirt , placing it inside . The person then picks up a broom and starts wiping the wardrobe doors off with it .
 A person is sitting in a chair , eating a sandwich . Looking at their laptop . They pick up a book and start typing .
 A person in dining room takes a glass off the shelf , puts it on table and pours juice in it . The person then picks up glass and leaves .
 A person is eating food , they then smile as they are eating .
 A person is closing a door , they then pick up a broom and begin tidying the area around them and start sneezing .
 The person is sitting by the door , eating an orange and holding a pillow for protection in front of them .
 One person is sitting at a table eating . Another person walks into the room and opens the blinds and stands by the window looking out .
 A person is standing by the doorway playing with a phone . A person then puts on their shoes .
 A man is standing holding a calendar and is flipping through it . The woman in the scene walks up to the window and opens the closed curtain .
 A person walks into the pantry , watching a video on their phone . The person finds a cloth bag , which they snuggle against their face .
 A person is lying on a couch watching television . Another person walks in , sits on the couch , and begins grasping for a pillow .
 A person is standing on the stairs holding a towel in one hand and shoes in the other hand . The person puts the towel on the shelf and leaves .
 The person stands at the doorway for a moment then closes the door in the hallway . The person then removes their shoes and places them in a closet . The person then hangs up their coat in the closet .
 A person reached in a closet and took out a plastic bag and looked in it . The person then walked to the refrigerator and closed it 's door .
 The person can sneeze while holding a glass , The person can take their medicine while drinking a glass of water .
 A person looks at themselves in a mirror . That same person then starts working on a laptop on a desk .
 Person A is eating at a table in the kitchen . Person A stands up , throws a towel over person A 's shoulder and puts the dishes into the sink .
 A person put a camera on a table . The person then layed down on the floor and curled into a fetal position .
 A person walks into a room with a bag and sits on the bed . The person stands up and undresses . The person grabs a glass from a table and takes a drink .
 A person is sitting down on the floor , grasping a tool and trying to fix a laptop . There is a book open , and the person is looking at the book for instructions .
 The person is sitting in a chair , taking off their shoes . The person then picks up a camera , examines it , and takes a picture .
 A person sits in a chair , holding a small piece of metal . They grasp it tight as vigorously try to clean it with a towel .
 A person is holding a pillow and opening a dishwasher .
 A person is throwing food in a trashcan and then washing fingerprints off a door in a dining room .
 A person walks through the kitchen into the living room and pulls a blanket from the entertainment center and walks over to the couch and undresses .
 A person is sitting at a table doing homework . The person stands up , messes with their hair , and sneezes .
 A person sits at the window , smiling . The person turns their attention to the mirror , and they begin laughing .
 A person walks over to a door , sneezes , opens the door , takes some pills out of a closet and swallows them , closes the door and walks away .
 Person stands in doorway holding a glass and eating a sandwich then the person walks into the house puts down the food and drink , puts on a jacket and shoes
 A person walks through a garage with a shopping bag full of groceries , before removing an item and putting the bag down .
 A person is in the entryway holding food and a sandwich . They are standing and opening the food bag .
 A person is walking into the room and picks up a pillow after tossing aside a blanket . Afterwards they walk out of the room hugging the pillow .
 A person tidies a room with a broom . They put the broom down and pick up a sandwich off the bed and begin eating it , look out the window , then start to look in various areas of the room .
 A person is cooking on a stove while reading a book . The person puts the book down onto the counter .
 There is a person on the floor working on a vacuum cleaner trying to get it to turn on .
 A person is standing in their living room and starts sneezing . They walk over to a cabinet , and take a book from it . They walk over to the couch with the book and start reading it .
 A person is sitting on their bed and takes off the shoes before throwing them in a corner . After getting up from the bed and taking a book from a table , the person leaves the room trough a doorway .
 A person is walking around a room . The person takes some clothes and places it in a cabinet . The person is then tidying up a blanket . The person is then walking away .
 A person walks down the hallway , wearing a pair of shoes and holding a blanket . They stop to look at a picture hanging on the wall . A smudge on it irritates them , so they take it off the wall , and , sitting in the middle of the hall , begin washing it with the corner of the blanket .
 A person is pouring a glass of water from a pitcher , before putting the pitcher into a refrigerator and drinking the water .
 A person is tidying the towels in the bathroom . They pick up some shoes off the floor and smile .
 A person walks over to a window , closes it , and shuts the curtain . The person then walks over , sits on a bed , and starts to flip through the pages of a book ,
 A person drinks from a cup and then turns on a television and watches holding a pillow .
 A person walks into a room at takes a glass of water from a table . As they are drinking the water , they walk over to a desk , then set the water down .
 A person gets a jacket out of the closet , adjusts the jacket to put it on , the puts on the jacket . Another person observes this action .
 A person stares into a pantry and then closes the door . The person sticks something into the doorknob of the pantry .
 A person is holding smiling and laughing while talking on the phone . The person picks up a piece of food and takes a bite .
 A person tidies up a bedroom by removing several items from atop the bed and placing them on a shelf , then moves a vacuum before moving a pair of shoes near a dresser . The person then picks up a pair of sandals and sits on the corner of the bed to put them on .
 A person is standing in the dining room holding a book . Another person is standing next to them holding a cup of coffee . The person with the coffee takes the other person 's book and throws it in the sink with the dishes and laughs .
 The person begins eating medicine , and then begins laughing while opening the refrigerator
 A person is holding shoes and a book . A person is running around a kitchen
 A person opens a cabinet and puts some food inside , then takes out one item and places it on the floor . They pick up clothes from the floor and walk away .
 A person washes their hands in the sink slowly , watching the water pour down the drain . The person then dries them off with a towel , and begins looking at a picture and smiling to themselves .
 A person is holding a broom . The person puts the broom down , opens a bag , and removes a sandwich .
 A person sits at a table in a chair and watches a laptop screen while eating some food in the kitchen .
 A person is smiling in front of the refrigerator that has a picture on it , while grasping a stack of homework .
 A person throws a pair of shoes under the window . The person scratches a spot of dirt off of the window glass , then watches something outside .
 A person is holding a box of groceries in the garage , then sneezes .
 A person is furiously cleaning a toilet then proceeds to toss a piece of paper on the floor and open a cabinet .
 The person is sitting and eating an apple in front of the television . Another person is sitting in front of a cabinet , tidying the contents , next to a dog .
 A person pushed a vacuum across the floor . The person then let go of the vacuum , walked over to a bed , and sat down .
 A person arrives through the door , puts their bag on the dining room table and removes their materials before sitting on the chair and working on their homework .
 A person is standing around snuggling a blanket with a pillow under their shirt .
 A person walks into a room carrying a chair and places the chair on the ground . Then the person proceeds to stand on top of the chair and pick up a book that is sitting on the mantle . Afterwards the person gets off the chair and walks out of the room .
 The person in the kitchen walked towards the door picked up a box turned around put the box down walked to the canter picked up a sandwich
 A person is sitting on the stairs reading . They close their book and sit it down . They then pick up a bag and take something out of it .
 A person walks into a bedroom holding a laptop . They play a game on the laptop while eating a sandwich .
 A person in the kitchen walking around and sweeping the floor . Then person put down broom , walked into living room and went outside through the door .
 A person is closing the hallway door grasping the doorknob . The person then begins walking away with a laptop in their hands .
 A person is looking around a pantry and working on taking notes for a shopping list . Another person enters the pantry and grabs a broom while handing a small laptop to the first person to check recipes for the shopping list .
 A person is taking clothes out of a wardrobe and throwing them in a bag in the bedroom .
 A person walks to a sink and washes dishes . hey then walk away .
 A person in a kitchen is staring at the counter while eating .
 Person is sitting in chair looking at monitor , another person walks in , picks up phone and takes a photograph of monitor .
 A person is sitting and putting their shoes on . Then the person picks up their laptop and leaves , closing the door behind him .
 A person is in the kitchen , sneezes , walks over to the sink and gets a paper towel to wipe their nose . They Grab some food , and then leave the room .
 A person awakens on the couch and sits up . The person takes some clothes from a nearby bag , then closes the bag .
 A person leaves some groceries on the counter , while they go turn off the light in the garage . After they put away the groceries , they drink some water because they 're thirsty .
 A person in the kitchen begins pouring themselves a glass of water and then drinking that glass of water . On a table nearby is a laptop and some shoes .
 A person opens a door and walks down a long hallway towards the camera . They pick up a piece of clothing off the ground and fidget with it as they smile and appear to laugh a little .
 A person comes running through a door holding a laptop and disappears into the kitchen . Afterwards , a second person walks outside carrying a vacuum .
 A person is standing in the kitchen in front of the stove while playing with their phone .
 A person pours a drink into a mug , sits down at a desk , opens a drawer and removes a folder then examines the contents inside the folder .
 A person standing in the middle of an office begins undressing , leaving the discarded garments on the pillow of a couch . They pick up a cup , drinking deeply from it , and then take it and dirty dishes with them as they leave room .
 A person was sitting at a table and eating food from a bowl . The person then stood up and cleaned up the table with a cloth . The person then picked up his bowl and walked out of the room .
 A person is walking into a room and tiyding up the bed . The person sits on the bed and drinks from a glass . The person watches television .
 A person is sitting on the bed playing with a pillow and watching television . The person stands up and goes to the door , grabs the doorknob , and closes the door .
 A person took a picture of a blanket with their smart phone , unfolded the blanket , took another picture , then emerged from a closet and walked quickly to a bed and picked up the blanket .
 The person was sitting at a desk . The person smiled as they watched a video on their laptop .
 A person is carrying a box with a laptop on top down the stairs . They stop and stand as they take the laptop and open it . They sit on the stairs and start to work on it .
 A person is standing in the kitchen grasping a bag of groceries . The person turns on the light and takes the groceries out of the bag and puts them in the cabinet .
 A person is laughing in the doorway to the laundry room . They begin pouring a glass of wine that they begin drinking immediately .
 The person is putting clothes on a cabinet . They are smiling and then they start sneezing .
 A person in the basement is lying down on the ground with a blanket over them . They get up and begin throwing the blanket towards the door .
 A person closes a book and sets it on the table . They then begin eating a sandwich .
 The person cleaned the area around the television . The person picked up clutter and straightened up the television . The person grabbed a pillow and walked away .
 A person is walking into their recreation room . The person sits at their desk and begins watching television . The person turns the television off , and leaves the room .
 A person is folding towels and blankets and tidying up a closet shelf and throwing towels on the floor .
 A person sitting on a bed with legs crossed , looking out the window , then sneezing and picking up a towel to sneeze in .
 A person walks into the laundry room with a pile of clothes picks up a book and walks back out .
 A person is sitting in the doorway . They stand up , smile very big , and begin pouring their coffee into the bathtub/shower while laughing hysterically .
 A person opens a door , walks in the room and closes the door before lying on a bed watching television .
 A person opens the door , then stands in the doorway . The person sneezes , which causes them to drop the box that they were carrying .
 A person is sitting on a chair eating food . The person undresses their jacket , tosses it on the floor , and then puts it back on and continues eating the food .
 A person is washing dishes and drying them with a towel . Another person , standing nearby and holding a box , watches and smiles .
 A person wearing a blanket walks in , throws the blanket toward the floor and looks out the window . The person then walks away .
 A person is walking in a living room . The person takes off a jacket , throwing it to the ground . The person then walks to a window and begins sneezing while looking out it .
 A person is standing at a stove cooking , and stirring a pot . The person then walks over , picks up a vacuum , and starts vacuuming the floor .
 One person sneezes and laughs into the phone as another walks through the doorway , closing the doorknob behind them .
 A person is in the bedroom tidying up clothes that are on the bed . The person takes their shoes off and puts them under the desk and leaves .
 A person is looking at something on a phone , they then grab a blanket and a toy then leave the room and close the door .
 A person is sitting on the stairs . They get up and run down the stairs then pick up a pillow off the bed .
 A person sits back on a couch and raises a teacup to his mouth . When the person sees the camera , he spits what he 'd been drinking out .
 A person sitting in a chair at a table walks across the room with a book in their hand , hits a light switch , then returns to the table where they then take a bite of some food .
 A person opens the door to the bedroom , and walks in , carrying a box . The person throws the box onto a shelf , then takes another box from the same shelf .
 Person places grocery bag on the table in the dining room . Person then pulls food from the grocery bag and puts on the table . Person then sneezes and laughs at how big the sneeze was . Person sits down and starts eating the food .
 The person is standing in front of the door , opening a box then checking the phone and talking to someone then getting mad and throwing the box to the floor angrily .
 A person walks into the bathroom , holding a bag . The person puts the items from the bag away in the cabinets , then leaves , turning the light off behind them .
 A person takes some dirty dishes from a desk at the top of the stairs . The person finds a piece of food on one of the dishes , which the person smells , then eats .
 A person is standing next to a refrigerator and takes a picture of something . Then the person takes something out of the fridge and eats it .
 A person pours out coffee into a sink and rinses dishes in the sink before cleaning a mirror with a towel .
 a person walked in to the room with a stick with something on the end and opened the windows of the room
 A person tidying up their laundry room finds a book with colorful pictures in it . They sneeze as they blow the dust off its cover , and wipe their nose absentmindedly with a blanket .
 A person is working on the sink , fixing its pipes . Then the person takes a break and begins eating a snack as the person plays on their phone .
 A person reaches into a red pot sitting on a glass table and pulls out some food.The person puts the food by their mouth , while writing in a book .
 A person puts on a jacket hanging on a stair rail . The person takes a cup and drinks whatever is inside it . The person carries a vacuum away .
 Person is opening box of cookies then starts eating them while watching television .
 A person lying down reading a book begins drifting off , and starts watching their shoes instead .
 A person grasping a box and talking on the phone walks into the bathroom and looks down at another person working under the sink .
 A person walks into a room carrying a bag . The person throws the bag down , then takes their shoes off , finally laughing to themselves .
 A person walks up to a cupboard in the kitchen and starts rubbing it down with a rag . They close the cupboard , sit the rag down , grab a mug and sit down in a chair and take a sip and look out the window .
 A person looking at clothing and fixing it in a mirror , then walking across room , sitting at a desk and reaching for something .
 Person is working on laptop in closet then grabs pillow from shelf and starts snuggling with it .
 The person is walking around the house sweeping the floor with a make shift broom and then the person walks over to a window while smiling and picks up a cup and takes many drinks .
 A person walking across room to the kitchen cupboard getting food item out and opening it , another person standing in the doorway .
 A person washes their hands with soap and water in a sink . The person drys their hands off , pulls out their phone and holds it up to the mirror .
 She tried to open a door while she was holding a laptop in her hand , but she could not open it .
 A person runs into their bedroom and sits on the bed and grabs a pillow and holds it against their chest .
 A person is pouring liquids between 2 cups . A person then walks into the living room and sits down in front of a laptop .
 A person is washing their hands while smiling in front of a mirror then turning off the light and playing with toilet paper .
 A person is sitting in the pantry , looking into a mirror . The person stands , grabs a book , and leaves . They close the door behind them .
 There is a person sitting at a table reading a book and playing with a bag . That same person sneezes a few times and then gets up and looks out the window .
 A person holding a broom puts it down and picks up a book and opens it and puts it back where it was found . the person next picks up a box and opens then examines it before walking out of the room with it .
 A person is standing in front of a sink looking at themselves in a mirror , they then pull out a camera and take a picture of themselves .
 Two people run through , playing at throwing a towel back and forth . One person , wrapped in a blanket , starts sneezing .
 A person watches themselves while standing in front of a mirror . The person turns and picks up a blanket from the table .
 A person is sitting in a chair , watching television . Another person opens the door and walks in with a cleaner and towel and cleans the windows .
 A person is playing with their phone in the living room . The person picks up a cup of coffee and drinks from it .
 A person pours water from a pitcher into a glass . The person then stares at the glass of water , still on the table .
 A person is cooking on the stove . A person then turns off the light , and turns the light back on .
 A person runs into their recreation room and starts dressing . They sit on a chair at a table .
 A person is sitting on a couch checking out his hair in a hand mirror . The person sits forward , takes off his jacket and stands up .
 A person is grasping a vacuum , then dressing in clothes , and finally closing a door in a living room .
 A person in the pantry is standing next to a desk while watching some video on their laptop . They are smiling because the video is funny .
 The person watches something out a window while taking the stairs . They then take a bit of a sandwich .
 A person is sleeping on the floor with their head on a pillow . They sit up with a towel and start snuggling it .
 A person runs into the living room and takes a pair of shoes from under a desk .
 One person works on homework for a moment , stands , then runs out of the study with a glass .
 A person is smiling while hopping down the stairs on just one foot while putting on their shoes , despite still not being fully dressed yet and only wearing a wet towel .
 A person is snuggling with a pillow on a bed and laughing at a funny show on television .
 A person is undressing in the kitchen . They look in the mirror and stretch . Another person begins taking pictures with a camera .
 A man in a room lying on the floor gets up , throws his pillow and then closes and opens up a door . Then puts a red jacket on .
 A person is working on tidying up the kitchen . They put a cereal box into the pantry and groceries into the refrigerator .
 A person is using their phone while they are laying in bed .
 A person is working on some homework then they begin to take out a picture and smile while continuing the homework .
 The person comes into the kitchen and throws some shoes on the floor . The person then takes some grocery items off of the counter .
 A person runs through a living room and into a kitchen , picks up a coffee cup , fills it with water from a faucet , and takes a drink . The person then pours out the rest of the water and walks away .
 The person in the video opened the cabinet and grabbed a small blue box out . Then the person put the box to their chest and closed the cabinet . Lastly the person walked away .
 A person is sitting at the table eating while another person is at the sink doing dishes and sneezing .
 A person is in the kitchen , they first open up cabinets , and then they begin placing things inside . After they take a drink from a cup the scene is over
 A person in a small room throwing stuff off of a shelf.The boxes are all over the floor .The person continues to throw more boxes on the floor off the shelf .
 A person is taking a bag from a wardrobe while holding their phone in their other hand and the person closes the wardrobe door .
 Person opens a drawer and takes out a blanket . Person sits down on the sofa and snuggles with the blanket for a moment . Person notices the phone ringing . Person gets up and answers the phone .
 A person is walking up a set of stairs carrying a bag of groceries . The person sneezes and continues walking up the stairs .
 A person eating a sandwich and holding a coffee cup looks out the window and laughs . The person sets the coffee cup on a table .
 The person came from around the corner , in the house with a purse . Then the person place the bag down by the entrance of the door , opened the door and left .
 A person is tidying up some junk on the shelf . Then the person pours some liquid into a glass .
 A person is holding a bag of food then turns on the light as keeps eating .
 A person standing in front of a door.The person takes their coat off and starts laughing .The person turns and opens the door and walks out .
 A person sitting on a sofa with a open laptop is working on the lap top , pulls the curtain aside and looks out and laughs .
 A person is taking a pile of clothes from a washing machine . The person tidies the clothes and turns off the light .
 THE PERSON IS SITTING AND WATCHING TV . THEY THEN CLOSE A DRAWER AND GET UP AND WALK ACROSS THE ROOM TO A SHELF AND MOVE STUFF ON THE SHELF .
 A person is lying on a bed reading a book . Afterwards , the person puts the book down , gets up , takes off a jacket , and looks out the window .
 A person is taking a bag into the pantry . Then a person is closing the bag and looking out the door .
 A person standing in a living room and watching TV picks up a remote and point it at the TV , then the person walks over to a refrigerator and opens the door and reaches in .
 Th person bends down to pick up a dust pan and sweeps dirt into the dust pan with the broom , empties the dust pan into the garbage and holds the garbage bag .
 A person runs to the window quickly and closes it . The person then walks to the cabinet , where they take something from the shelf .
 A person lying in bed working on a laptop.The person reaches up and rubs his eyes and proceeds to work on the lap top .
 A woman is sitting on a bed smiling and dancing a little . She picks a picture off the wall , holds it and smiles while looking at it .
 A person stands in the dining room , holding a camera . The person takes a picture , then puts the camera down .
 A person is standing in a kitchen taking off their clothes they throw their clothes into another room .
 Person pull off jacket put it on the floor pick something off the floor take clothing off the rack and leave the room .
 A person is walking around reading a book , and another person comes in the room and flexes .
 Person puts a pillow on his lap while sitting on a bed and watching television . Person then throws pillow aside and grabs some socks .
 A person with a blanket wrapped around them is grasping a bottle of medicine . They read the label and smile .
 A person is standing in the kitchen at the counter , using a laptop and eating something from a bag that is sitting on the counter top . Another person comes in behind this individual and picks up a pair of boots on the ground . The second person walks back out of the kitchen .
 A person is smiling as they look at something on their laptop . The person closes the laptop , looks out the window , and laughs .
 A person turns the stove on and then stirs something inside the pot . They add some spices and then continue stirring . When finished they turn the stove off and put the dish in the sink .
 A person is in a hallway snuggling a blanket , they then take their phone out to make a call before walking away .
 A person is sitting on a chair with a pillow while looking at a phone . They stand up , put the pillow on a bed , open a door , leave and close the door .
 A person walks by a sink in the bathroom and is leaving a coffee on the counter .
 A person was pouring some food into their bowl . Another was putting up a glass mirror
 A person is walking with coffee and pours some on their clothes on accident .
 A person is standing at a stove while cooking food in a pot . During the cooking process , the person picks up a box of food and begins to juggle it around . The person then pantomimes taking a 'drink ' from the box , puts it down , and returns to cooking .
 A person closes a window beside a large mirror . The person then grasps the bottom of the window 's roller shade and pulls down on it forcefully .
 A person takes off their shoes , and puts a dish on the table . Another person then starts laughing , throwing a hysterical fit of laughter .
 A person walksinto the bathroom and sits on a chair they take out their phone and look at it and then they get up and walk out .
 person comes into room . Person sits in chair in front of computer . Person starts eating food from dishes , then picks up bag , rises from chair , turns , and walks off screen .
 Person starts undressing than dressing again then looks at box with vacuum cleaner .
 In the laundry room the person is washing their clothes while laughing and holding a picture .
 A person is grasping their mug of coffee as the person works on their homework . Then , laughing , the person stands and walks to the refrigerator .
 A person is sitting in a chair fixing something with a screwdriver on a table . The person throws the screwdriver , and places an object onto the table .
 A person holding a laptop opens the refrigerator door and then places the laptop on the stove before drinking water .
 A person plays around with a remote in their hand . The person presses a button on the remote and picks up a book and starts to read .
 A person is sitting in their pantry . They start looking up at the light and begin sneezing . Afterwards , they use their camera to take a picture of themselves .
 A person is standing and taking a picture of something with their phone .
 A person in a living room standing and drinking a cup of coffee , then the person shuts a lid on a box that 's sitting on a table .
 One person stands in the doorway pouring medicine as another person smiles and throws a pillow .
 The person leaves their homework at the table as they get up and rub their stomach to indicate hunger . The person walks towards the pantry and grabs the doorknob . After twisting the knob and opening the door , the person is disappointed to find canned food and stacks of phone books . The person slams the pantry door in discontent and goes back to resume their homework .
 The person is opening the door knob in the entryway while closing the window before leaving .
 A person is standing in a laundry room watching the washing machine go round . The person folds a towel then walks to the other side of the room to pick up their phone .
 A person is holding a pillow and walks over to a tv . The person does some exercises while holding the pillow .
 A person runs to a closet , takes a book off of a shelf , opens the book and looks at it , then puts the book on a table . The person is then tidying up a shelf before pulling a phone out of a pocket and then taking a picture of themselves as they smile .
 A person is standing at a counter taking some food out of a container and eating it . They set the container down and put the lid on , then they wipe their mouth with a napkin and pick it up again . They set the container down once more and wipe their mouth again .
 A person is in their bedroom holding a plate and eating a sandwich . They turn on a light and start doing their homework .
 A person holds a stuffed animal whole leaning against a wall . The person then hugs , pulls out a cell phone , and takes a picture from the window .
 A person is taking a selfie next to a mirror . Then anotherperson walks in with a bag of groceries .
 A person walks into a room and switches on a TV , then removes their phone from their pocket and looks at it . They then set down their phone on a desk and look back at the TV .
 A person is lying on a fold-up bed in the garage , playing a game on their laptop . The person checks their phone , quickly gets up , and leaves .
 A person is sitting on a chair and eating from a plate of food , they then place the food down and grab a pillow to snuggle with then takes a sip of water .
 A person enters the room holding a bag . They open the bag and pour out a bunch of objects on the floor as they open the closet .
 Person is sitting on chair doing homework , Another person opening bag and starts sneezing .
 A person is walking and reading a book . That same person is also drinking some coffee . Another person is standing still .
 A person is in a laundry room , taking clothes out of a box and laying them down next to it . A second person walks up to the first person carrying a shopping bag .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . They start sneezing into the towel that they are holding . The person picks up a cup of water and pour it into the sink .
 A person walks to a desk and starts working on some paperwork . They take a moment to drink some coffee before getting back up and walking across the room .
 A person lying on a bed gets up and grabs a box . They open up the box and take out a book and camera .
 A person is dressing in the bathroom . The person puts on a pair of shoes , sneezes , and takes a book from the counter .
 A person takes a dosage of medicine and looks in the mirror . They begin opening the door and running outside .
 Person is walking down the stairs holding a book and begins to sneeze . Person stops mid-stairs to sneeze a few times before continuing down the stairs . Person then picks up the broom by the doorway at the bottom of the stairs and stands there holding it .
 A person puts a box on the floor , sits down and fixes a chair . The person then stands back up , picks up the box and moves the chair one more time .
 A person standing in a bedroom places a duffel bag on a bed and removes two articles of clothing , hangs them on a clothesline , then places the bag on a chair in the room . The person walks out of the room , closing the door .
 A person grasps and shakes a sink faucet . They then grasp a doorknob and tremble as the power of their conviction surges through them .
 A person walks over and sits down on a couch while talking on a phone . They then take a glass of water and drink from it , get up , and walk away .
 A WOMAN IS SITTING ON THE SOFA PLAYING A GAME ON HER MOBILE PHONE AND A MAN STANDS UP FROM THE COUCH AND TAKES A PICTURE OF A WOMAN WHO IS SITTING ON THE COUCH
 A person is cooking at a stove in a kitchen . The person sneezes and then opens the refrigerator .
 A person walks into a room carrying a bag they walk over to a desk and they take a pillow out of the bag and look at the pillow .
 A person is washing a mirror as another person reads a book and laughs from a chair .
 A person pours a cup of coffee . The person laughs at something they see on their laptop . The person closes their laptop and places it on a shelf .
 The person walked slowly down the hall holding a pillow and taking a few sips from a cup .
 A person kneels down and tidies a shelf . Afterwards , the person turns on the light , stands on a chair , and touches the light before getting down .
 The person is sitting in their office , eating breakfast and watching television while they fix a camera sitting on top of a box .
 A person walks into the room carrying basket with wrapped grocery items inside , goes over to what appears to be a red trash can . takes them out and places them on top
 A person begins tidying a shelf , then proceeds by leaving a pillow as they leave the room
 A person was walking while carrying a blanket . The person then walked up to a mirror and began to clean it with the blanket . After cleaning the mirror , the person set the blanket on a nearby counter and began cleaning the counter top .
 A person is standing in the garage holding a book . The person puts the book down on the table and turns off the light . The person undresses and lays down on the floor .
 A person is undressing in a bedroom . They throw the blanket off the bed and sit down .
 A person comes into the kitchen and starts sweeping the floor . That same person then takes a cloth and wipes down a cabinet door .
 A person snuggles with a laptop , A person sits with a broom .
 A person is reclining on a couch while writing in a notebook of some kind and looking at a phone . They stop writing and get up and walk to a window and pull the window open .
 A person in their garage is working on something on their phone . They take a camera and start taking pictures of themselves through a mirror .
 A person is laying in bed , reading a book . Another person , laying next to them , awakens and smiles at them , turning on the light on the nightstand and giving them a good morning kiss .
 A person is scrubbing a shoe . They put the shoe on a counter and smile . Then they pick up a picture .
 A person is plating food onto dishes , then sneezing on the food , followed by laughing in a kitchen .
 A person is smiling while eating a sandwich . The person takes a box from the table and leaves the room .
 A person is sitting in a chair with a pillow in their lap looking out a window .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom , they then pick up a backpack and sweep underneath it .
 A person is pouring water in a glass and then sitting on a toilet and holding a phone in the bathroom .
 A person walks to a desk and sits down in a chair . After sitting , the person looks at them self in the mirror .
 The person is standing on a step smiling . They pick up a book and a pillow .
 A person is sitting on a chair covered in a blanket with their feet on a talbe and appear to be sleeping then they awaken and stretch .
 Person bending down sweeping floor with broom . Then puts broom next to door . Then person picks up shoes and toss it to the other side of room , person claps and smiles .
 Two people stand in a room together , one of them eventually takes off their shirt while another looks at something outside a window .
 Person walks in bathroom , looks in mirror , takes off sweat shirt , sneezes , grabbed a tissue and walked out bathroom
 A person is sitting on the bed tidying up a pile of clothes . The person picks up a towel from the pile and puts it to the side , then picks up a picture from the bedside table and looks at it .
 A person stands in the dining room , washing picture frames that hang on the wall . The person pauses their work to check their phone .
 A person is leaning on a dining table with their elbows while typing on their cell phone , and then the person runs into the adjacent living room and takes a selfie with the cell phone .
 A person fixes a desk drawer . The person sets down in a chair , picks up a book . The person looks through the book .
 The person was holding a bag and cup and left through the door . The person quickly came back through the door and poured a drink into the cub .
 The person picks up some papers from the floor and moves them . The person picks up a chair and sits it down by the wall . A different person sitting at the table seems to be laughing .
 Person takes items off the desk picks up a towel and wash the desk . Person walks over and put medicine away .
 A person is playing with a grocery bag . A second person is holding a blanket and laughing .
 A person in the entryway is working on something on their phone . They start throwing some clothes at another person who is watching them oddly .
 A person is sitting in a chair , reading a book and eating a sandwich . The person then sets down the book and retrieves another from the floor as they pick up their mobile phone .
 There was a towel hanging on the doorknob , so the person started threw it on the floor and started to leave the room .
 A person sits down in a chair in a home office and then hugs a pillow , then gets up and throws the pillow onto the floor and walks out .
 A person is picking up a blanket from a table . The person then drinks some water from a bottle .
 A person is seen pouring food in a glass . They then start watching television and smiling
 A person is sitting down working on their laptop . Then the person picks up the phone and begins leaving the room .
 Person begins to sneeze then cough , the person looks in the mirror and runs hands through their hair . The person then removes their shirt .
 A person runs down the hallway while undressing . The person throws their clothes on the floor and turns off the light .
 A person is watching a bag of groceries then begins to play with the food on the sofa .
 A person lays on the couch covered in blankets . After a little while , the person sneezes , smiles , and picks up a piece of food and eats it .
 A person closes a cabinet . Another person walks into the room and pours water from a glass , and then back into the container . A book is on the table next to the water .
 A person pours a cup of coffee from a thermos . The person picks up a book , and leaves the room .
 A person is washing shelves in a pantry . The person uses a towel to dust off the shelves . The person rearranges some dishes on the shelves . The person closes the pantry doors .
 One person grasping a towel sits on the edge of the sink and smiles into the phone .
 A person is snuggling with their pillow in bed . They get up and walk over to their wardrobe where they 're is a plate of leftover food . They start eating .
 A person is walking down a hallway , pacing back and forth , juggling a book . The person then reaches down , grabs a glass of coffee , and walks into the kitchen .
 A man wearing a purple sweater stands in between a car and a storage shelf . The individual then grabs a glass of orange juice , takes a sit , and sets it back down .
 A person takes a pillow and puts it in the floor . That person sits down against the pillow and eats food that is in a bag .
 A person drinking their favorite beverage in their home office opens a desk draw and retrieve a phone from it . They look at a picture on it , and then begin playing a mobile game on it .
 A peson is sitting on the floor playing with a bear in a chair . The person picks up the bear and goes by a window .
 A person is standing in the rec room grasping a bottle of medicine . The person opens the medicine and pours it into a tablespoon . After taking the medicine , the person closes the medicine and puts it back in a box .
 A person sitting in a chair holding a glass soda gets up and opens a door . They set their glass on a table and sit down in another chair .
 A person who is talking on their phone walks into a room with a dog standing on a chair , walks over to the dog and puts the phone up to the dog 's ear and smiles , then walks away and the dog follows .
 One person goes out the door and closes it.The other person is carrying shoes and puts them on the floor , the person proceeds to pick up a phone and sneezes a couple of times .
 A person watches media on their laptop in their living room . It , and some coffee , are on a small coffee table in front of them . They smile at something they see on the laptop , and lie down on their couch to relax better as they are entertained .
 A person picking up a water bottle , adjusting something on a shelf and then reading aloud from a stack of pares before adjusting the object on the shelf again .
 A person is seen dressing themselves . The person takes clothes out of the box and stands there looking at them .
 The person was holding onto the doorknob while playing with the camera . The person then started fixing the mirror at the front door .
 A person in a hallway reaches up for something in a closet , looks into a mirror , and has a sudden sneeze .
 A person is sitting in a bedroom on a chair looking at a laptop . A second person appears on screen , picks up a broom , and carries it away .
 The person is holding a vacuum for a little while then switches the vacuum to the other hand . The person puts the vacuum on a table and then sneezes .
 A person is putting small items into a bag . The person then places the bag on a windowsill and looks out the window .
 A person is seen working on their laptop . They begin laughing as they draw their eyes to a nearby television .
 This person is measuring a cabinet , sneezes a bunch , then continues to measure , then opens the cabinet .
 person came , sat on the chair and ate some food . got up from the chair and left from there
 A person is sitting on a bed , playing with a pillow . Then the person takes some medicine with a drink of water .
 A person is sneezing while putting medicine int he pantry then starts walking towards the doorway .
 Two people are standing in a room . One person is drinking from a bottle while standing with an open backpack . The other person folds up a book and throws it in the open backpack .
 A person walks into the bathroom holding a book and smiling . The person puts the book on the table and takes a drink of coffee that 's sitting next to the sink .
 A person is standing in the kitchen . They are stirring something in a pot on the stove and then go to the sink . They then walk out of the kitchen .
 A person opens the pantry door . The person stands there for a moment , holding a sandwich in a paper towel , before closing the door and leaving .
 A smiling person is in the kitchen putting up groceries and they knock over a glass of water and they quickly grasp a towel and wipe up the spill .
 A person is standing in doorway , looks into the mirror and starts laughing to themselves .
 The person is holding a framed picture . The person then puts the picture on top of a pillow , picks it back up and then puts it back onto the pillow .
 person opend the door , sneezed , came near to the laptop table and took the sandwich which was on the table , had the sandwich , kept the remaining sandwich on the table and did some workouts .
 A person enters their house holding boxes and stuffs them on a shelf .
 A person walks into a kitchen , places a shirt on the counter , grabs the shirt off the counter and proceeds to put it on before walking away .
 A person awakens in bed . The person stands up , laughs , and picks up a broom .
 A person is sitting on the floor fixing a folded chair with a screwdriver . The person then unfolds the chair and continues using the screwdriver . The person folds the chair into the closed position .
 A person walks into a room , stares into a mirror , puts a shirt on , and then walks away with satisfaction .
 A person runs into the garage , eating a sandwich . The person puts on a pair of shoes and leaves .
 A person walks into a garage and throws something into a bin . That same person then picks up an open laptop off a shelf , closes it and walks way .
 The person walks into the room and pours a pitcher of water into a cup . The person then grabs a picture and walks out .
 The person walks from the front door , down the hall , and past the stairs . The person walks to the television and either changes the channel or makes an adjustment . The person crouches down , opens a cabinet and reaches inside .
 A person is walking into the kitchen and cooking some food on the stove . The person grabs a cup and pours it out in the sink . The person walks out of the kitchen into the other room .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching television and smiling . The person takes a book off the desk and walks out the door , turning off the light behind them .
 Person looking into the mirror with smile on face , another person walks into the room to throw something .
 A person sneezes into a towel while sitting at a desk . The person then picks up a stuffed animal .
 A person in their basement is watching something on their phone while smiling and walking around . They start eating a sandwich that they find on top of a desk .
 Two people are snuggling in the basement under a window , sitting on a bean bag . When they 're done playing with each other , a person gets up , taking a book with them . The other person stays in the basement , tidying up , and picking up some dirty dishes .
 A person is standing in a kitchen holding a small cup of food and a spoon . The person used the spoon to eat from the cup . After a few bits , the person set the cup on a nearby counter and walks over to a nearby counter . The person then leans on the counter and looks out a window .
 A person is standing in front of the mirror and undressing . He buttons his shirt and removes it before walking out of the room .
 A person sitting at a table on a chair picks up a book , opens it and begins to read it while another person looks out a window and tries unsuccessfully to open it .
 A person is standing in the bedroom eating a piece of fruit , they start looking on the table , they turn on the light so they can see better they pick up a book . Smile and leave the room .
 There is a person sitting on a chair in front of the television . That person is writing and then they sneeze two times . They then wipe off the paper they are writing on .
 A person is watching television in the man cave , the person then snuggle their pillow and smile .
 The person standing picked a broom swept the floor lay the broom against the wall , opened the bottom of stove get something out .
 A person pours coffee from a pitcher into a coffee cup . Then they open a cabinet and look inside .
 A person is walking down a hallway while smiling . The person is opening a door and carrying dishes . This person sees a second person who is carrying some medicine in their hands and is drinking water .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the kitchen asleep with a blanket , and the person wakes up and walks to the refrigerator and opens it and begins tidying the refrigerator .
 A person is in a bedroom undressing after working for the day while another person drinks coffee and asks what food the first person would like to eat .
 A person is putting clothes on a shelf by a washer then they through their shoes on the ground .
 A person is laughing and holding a phone while sitting next to the sink in a bathroom .
 A person is holding a sandwich and then taking clothes out of a bag on the stairs .
 A person takes their shoes off in the kitchen and throws them on the floor , then taking a drink out of a cup .
 A person is sitting in a chair reading a book , they rub their eyes . They grab a watch from the cabinet and sneeze into their arm .
 A person takes a mini vacuum and puts it in a closet . The person then sits down and pulls out a book and begins to look through it .
 The person put on a shirt . The person then took off their shirt and sneezed . The person grabbed a sandwich and took a bite .
 A person walks through a doorway holding a box containing clothes , sits on the floor and looks at themselves in the mirror . The person grooms their head with a hand . The person stands and walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting on a desk while looking into a mirror . Then then put down the mirror , drink from a glass that was on the floor , then get up and walk away .
 A person is undressing their warm clothes . They see a broom and start playing with it , pretending it is a microphone .
 A person is wearing a blanket . A person then looks in the pantry for an item . The person then opens the refrigerator looking for food .
 A man folding socks in front of a closet another person is putting a cord on a vacuum clean , pulls the container and goes to empty the dirt out of it .
 A person sits at their desk working on their laptop before putting their shoes on .
 A person is laughing while trying on clothes and then working on homework in the Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is in their bedroom lying on a pillow while laughing at a picture they took on their camera . They get up while grasping the camera in their left hand .
 A person walks over to a table and grabs a bottle and pours it in a glass . Then they walk over to a door and smile before grabbing the doorknob .
 One person is fixing a chair and another person is sweeping some stairs with a broom .
 A person walks to their pantry and gathers some items from a shelf , laughs , then leaves and closes the door .
 A person is putting on their shoes in the dining room while sitting in a chair . They stand up and leave .
 A person is in a room , lying on a bed and playing a game on a cell phone . After a few seconds , the person gets up from the bed , walks to the closet , opens the door , and looks for clothes .
 The person is laying on the bed sleeping . The person sits up , grabs a towel , and wipes their face with it . The person then stands up and grabs a book . The person sits down on the bed and starts reading the book .
 A person is standing by the cabinet with the mirror and undressing .
 One person holding a box and a laptop starts working on the laptop , using the box for a work surface .
 A person is standing a computer . The person is looking at the monitor . The person reaches for a glass and takes a sip . The person sits down on a bed .
 A person walks from a doorway to a table while holding a camera . The person plays with the camera while walking . The person then puts the camera down and tidies books on the table .
 A person in the hallway holding a towel . The person throwing the towel on the shelf while standing next to a picture .
 A smiling person is undressing in a garage . They grab a pile of dishes , turn off the light , and leave the room .
 This person is standing in the garage and eating food . Person then takes out what appears to be a phone and takes a picture of what he is eating .
 Person A is in a bedroom eating a plate of food and reading a book . Done eating , person A gets up and walks over to the wardrobe and begins undressing .
 A person is seen playing on their laptop . They start drinking and eating some food while snuggling .
 A person walks in and throws clothes on the sofa . The person then sits on the sofa and looks at themselves in a mirror , and drinks from a bottle of water before standing up and leaving .
 A person is sitting on a bed eating some food and smiling . They bend over and touch a bag on a table .
 The person ran into the garage , grabbed a bag , opened it , looked around , and put it in the drawer before smiling at the camera
 A person picks up a hand-held vacuum and starts to use it to clean the floor . The person then sets the vacuum down .
 A person is sitting on a chair holding a dish with a sandwich on it . The person eats the sandwich and drinks some water from a bottle . The person stands up to walk away .
 A person is standing in the pantry doorway looking at the items on the shelf . The person turns on the light and takes a picture off the shelf , looks at it , then throws it down on the ground .
 A person is in their bedroom sitting down on a chair while drinking from a glass of water . They start taking their phone out of their pocket and read some messages on their phone .
 A person is opening a door . The person then closes the door . Another person is cleaning the bed . The person then begins to put on their shoes .
 A person is looking out a window . They then open the window and laugh before closing the door .
 A person is standing on a carpet and talking on a phone in the daytime . She then walks to the door while still talking and opens the door and looks out .
 a person came from left side opened the door went out and seen for some time and came inside
 A person is walking by a closet and starts undressing , after tossing their shirt into the closet they pick up their laptop and some dishes from the floor and hold it .
 A person runs into the kitchen , talking on their phone . The person opens the refrigerator , takes something out , and closes it . The person quickly leaves .
 A person walks to a cabinet and opens it . They flip through a book then place it in the cabinet and close the door . Then they take off their shoes and sit down .
 A person is lying on the floor in a basement snuggling a blanket . Person puts on their shoes before standing .
 A person is standing with their hand on the back of a chair . Laughing , the person walks to the table and picks up a blanket off it .
 A person is sitting on a chair by a desk , holding a glass of milk , and periodically sipping from it . The person appears to be watching something .
 A person is sitting at a computer with a notebook in front of them . The person then gets up , walks across the room , sits on the couch , and picks up a TV remote and a bag of food . The person uses the remote , then takes a handful of the food and eats it .
 One person is sitting against a pillow when another person walks by and leaves a box of groceries in the hall .
 The person is sitting in a chair and is messing with a cell phone then he bends down and picks up a bottle and takes a drink and then puts it down then picks up a tray with some bread on it and takes a bite .
 One person is standing at the counter preparing food . Another person is sitting at a table , snuggling in a blanket and sneezing .
 A person lying on the floor in an entry way is snuggling a pile of freshly cleaned clothes . They are watching some food they have in front of them , as if it 's going to get up and move away . When it does n't , they start eating it .
 A person opens a box on the floor and throws a book into the box , then closes the box . The person takes a glass off the shelf and leaves the room , closing the door behind them .
 The person is sitting on a couch while snuggling with a pillow . The person then picks up a mirror and looks into it . The person then sets the mirror down . The person then picks up a plate with food on it from a nearby take . The person then eats the food .
 A person opens the door and enters the room wearing a blanket and carrying both a cup and bowl . The person turns to watch the television and takes a sip from the cup .
 A person in a basement is working on some homework while sitting in a chair , they then smile when finished and close their book .
 A person is sitting in a chair with a blanket wrapped around their shoulders , reading a book . The person gets up suddenly and leaves the room .
 A person is undressing and throwing their clothes on the sofa . Then , sitting on the edge of the bed , the person removes their socks .
 A person walks to a door and takes a towel off the doorknob and puts it on their shoulder . They open the door and run through , then walk back .
 A person turns on a light and begins dressing , they then sit on their bed , grab a sandwich and take a bite , and begin playing on a laptop .
 A person picks up some food and eats it . A person then grabs some groceries and puts them in the pantry .
 A person is holding a purse and standing and staring out of a window .
 A person is sitting on a chair holding a pillow and looking at a laptop computer on a table .
 The person is washing their hands in the bathroom sink . They turn the sink on , pick up the soap , then lather and rinse their hands . After washing , they shake off their hands then wipe their hands on their jeans . Finally , they turn off the light and exit the bathroom .
 The person sitting down was eating the delicious food that was inside the box that was on the table in from of them .
 Person enters the Man Cave and closes the open drawer and retreats to the couch to watch some television . Person then looks briefly at window then falls asleep .
 A person carrying a box puts the box on the sink.The person takes their shoes off and looks at their phone leaning against a sink .
 A person is holding a pillow and moving it up and down while standing next to a couch and holding on to the couch .
 A person is standing at a counter and takes a drink of water . The person puts the glass on the counter and plays with their hair . The person then takes a broom and walks out of the room .
 A person is leaning against something looking at a camera while another person is bent over behind an open door .
 A person is holding something in right hand and shaking it continually . The person is holding a paper and article of clothing in the right hand .
 A person is standing in the doorway while holding a bag . In front of the person sits a piano and a television .
 A barefooted and nervous person staring at a camera is sat on a bench and is opening a wooden door .
 A person is folding some clothes . The person then puts the clothes on the bed , turns off the television , and sits in a chair .
 While standing in the entryway , person tried the doorknob to the bedroom . The door was unlocked . Person opened the door and could see another person watching tv while laying in bed . Person in the bedroom was fixing to go to sleep . Person then retreats to the kitchen and grabs a soda out of the refrigerator .
 A person is in a hallway sitting by a box , they then get up and stand by a light switch before turning it off .
 A person in their home office is lying down by the door . They get up and start dressing by putting on a sweater , and then opening the door and leaving .
 A person is picking up a book from a table and looking at themselves and smiling in a mirror .
 A person runs into the garage while laughing . The person then takes off their shoes and grabs a book .
 A person is sitting on a bed , opening a bottle of medicine . They take the medicine with a glass of water , put it away . They fix their hair and straighten the pillows .
 A person walks into a closet , rifles through clothing on hangers , picks up a framed picture , opens the door , leaves the room and closes the door .
 A person is watching their clothes wash in the washing machine from the doorway . The person takes a towel from a rack , folds it , and puts it into a cabinet .
 A person runs in to a bedroom and takes clothes off their bed and throws them on a shelf .
 A person looks to the left before climbing two flights of stairs . When they reach the top landing , they take off their shoes and place them in front of a door .
 A person standing on the stairs holding a piece of toast and a towel , sneezes and takes a bite of food .
 A person is tidying up with a broom . The person starts laughing because of something they noticed outside the window .
 One person is awakening in their bedroom to an alarm from a phone . They try to turn it off but are not watching where they are grabbing and accidentally knock a book off of the nightstand .
 A person is tidying up some clothes from on top of a hamper . The person folds the clothes up . The person organizes items on the shelf too . The person takes some medication out from the shelf .
 The person stood and watched out of the window . Then the person took a camera from a table and sat on a chair to take pictures from the window .
 A person is standing and working on the doorknob to the medicine cabinet .
 One person is sitting drinking coffee while another is fixing a shelf with clothes stacked on top .
 A person opens the refrigerator and removes a pot , then close the refrigerator . They put the pot on the stove and start cooking .
 A person working in their home office is grasping a phone they 're holding to their ear . They take a sip of a beverage in a class on their desk , and adjust some homework near them . They stop talking on the phone and sneeze .
 A person is sitting on a chair in their garage . They leave and walk into the room with a bowl of food and a glass of soda .
 A person eats something from a jar . The person then puts the jar down on a table , and picks up a cup . The person then takes a drink from the cup .
 A person walks over to a chair and sits down . They take off their shoes . They grab a towel from the shelf then throw it back down .
 This person is holding a blanket and laughing . They then walk up the stairs and trip over a broom near the top .
 A person is standing on the stairs while holding a bag full of items , they set the bag down onto the stairs . They pick up a cup and take a drink , wipe their mouth with their hand and look at some pictures that are on the stairs .
 A laughing person comes in through the door and takes off a jackets and a pair of boots . Finally the person pulls up her sleeves .
 There is a person in the kitchen and they place something on the counter . They walk over to a door , open the door and pick up a bag . That same person then takes the bag into the room and closes the door .
 Person grabs broom and starts tidying up a floor then picks up pillow from floor and starts sneezing .
 A person takes some clothes from a closet and gets dressed while looking into a mirror . A second person starts tidying the closet .
 A person putting on a shirt and turns and picks up a pair of shorts and holds them in front of them self.The person looks off to the side .
 A person is holding a towel in the bathroom . They then begin watching a picture on the wall .
 A person opens a closet door and takes a blanket off a shelf . They tuck the blanket under their arm and walk away .
 A person opens the door and walks in . The person bends down and beats their shoes on the floor . Then the person walks out the door .
 A person walks into the dining room and sits on a pillow on the floor . The person pulls a blanket out of a bag and snuggles the blanket .
 A person stands in a doorway holding a laptop . They open the laptop and begin laughing uncontrollably before collapsing on the bed holding their side .
 A person is straddling a chair and wiping their face with a towel . The person then looks at a laptop , sneezes and starts to walk out the door .
 A person is opening and closing a cabinet while another person is wrapping a towel around their head in front of a mirror .
 A person opening a cabinet and then putting something in it , then taking out a picture frame , looking at it and sneezing on it .
 Person opens closet , picks up clothes on floor , folds it and place on top shelf . Then picks up clothes on floor , folds it and place on bottom shelf . Person then touches hair , smiles , walks towards door and grabs handle .
 A person reads a book while sitting in a chair . The person then bites the book .
 A person walks through a room and tosses a towel on top of a shelf , then smiles .
 The person walks up to a laptop and picks it up . They are standing with the laptop and another object in the other hand . The person walks away with the object and laptop .
 A person is playing with a pen then they pick up a notebook from the floor , open it then set it on a desk and continues to play with a pen .
 A person is standing at a stove and cooking something and the person begins to show jerky movements , perhaps like there is a sneezing fit occurring .
 A person enters the basement , turning on the light as they enter . The person suddenly sneezes two times . Realizing it 's from all the dust , the person grabs a towel from a shelf and begins tidying up the basement .
 A person is dressing in the bathroom . The person stands in front of the mirror and drinks a cup of coffee before turning off the light and leaving .
 A person is holding a picture at a desk . The person is smiling and eating an apple .
 A person is standing in the bathroom grasping a sandwich . The person throws the sandwich in the garbage and picks up a pile of clothes from the floor . The person smiles and leaves the room .
 person standing in front of washer holding a laptop opens and closes it
 The person is sweeping the stairs starting at the bottom ( ! ) and working up . When he gets near the top , he slips and falls , sending a laundry basket tumbling down the stairs .
 In the entryway , a person is smiling and using a vacuum . Another person is sneezing and sitting in a chair at a desk .
 A person is holding a glass of water and putting it on a table then drinking from the glass of water . The person then turns on a light and walks away .
 A person sits down on a toilet and goes back and forth between looking at a picture , and tending to their medicine bottle . They then get up and walk out of the room .
 A person is standing , eating a sandwich , then walks into another room , picks up a broom and a towel , and turns back around .
 A person is grasping a doorway . Then a person is leaving down or up the stairs while holding a sandwich .
 A person runs up some stairs and then comes back down . The person takes a towel and puts it on a stick and lays it on the railing
 A person is eating a sandwich in the pantry , and takes a bag of chips from the cabinet . The person wipes their hands with a paper towel .
 One person holding a vacuum cleaner watches a video on a laptop about how to vacuum while eating and dropping crumbs everywhere .
 A person sits on a sofa and opens a laptop . A person picks up a blanket , and throws a pillow on the floor .
 A person finishes washing their face . They go to exit the bathroom but notice the doorknob is squeaking . They pull out some oil from under the sink and try to fix it .
 A person is standing and fixing a shelf , then putting clothes in a bag in a Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is tidying up a table and then grabs the doorknob and closes the door .
 A person is running in a garage . They pick up a cup of coffee from a shelf and drink it before putting it on a table .
 A person wearing a blue sweater opens a coat closet and retrieves several items from inside to put in a bag they are holding .
 Two people are sitting on a sofa watching television , they both get up and one is smiling . They then walk to the refrigerator and begin taking snacks out and start eating them .
 A person stands in a room and drinks something out of a cup . The person then grabs a blanket and starts wiping themselves off with it .
 The person is fixing the television . The other person is putting a door mat under the doorway in the garage .
 A young man carrying a clear plastic bag containing fruit or vegetables of some sort walks into a room , places the bag on a chair and grabs a remote control .
 A person grasping a camera and holding a pillow starts walking up the stairs .
 One person runs up the stairs drinking , then sneezes and throws down a stack of homework on a desk at the top of the stairs .
 A person that is sitting on a chair , reaches for a plastic box with medicine inside , and takes the medicine . Another person walks over to the table and sits in the chair while playing on a mobile phone .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the living room . Another person is standing in front of a picture , laughing and kicking at the floor .
 Person walked to the table pick up magazines from the table , pick up a plastic bag that was on the table and put some stuff from the table in the plastic bag and looking around .
 Person is lying on floor playing with box of pictures .
 a person laying in bed looking at a phone , when the second person comes into the bedroom , peeks at the phone then walks back out of the room .
 A person is holding a bag walk to a bed and lays the bag on the bed . The person leaves the bed and walks to a chair and sits on it . The person takes off their shoes .
 A person is running in place for several seconds and then stops and grabs a white plastic bag , turns around and goes through the side garage door and into the house .
 A person sits at a desk working on a laptop . They get up , close the lid to the laptop and walk toward the door .
 A person is carrying a bag into the kitchen . The person takes a laptop out from the bag and places it on the table . The person pulls out a chair at the table . The person takes some homework out from the bag and looks through it . The person sits in the chair , works on the homework , and the computer .
 A person is sitting in their living room . They are watching something on their laptop which is lying on the table . They get up and start walking towards the door .
 A person is closing the top of a sandwich . Then a person is taking it over to the light and checking if it looks like a good sandwich or not .
 A person walks up into a kitchen , carrying a broom and begins using a rag to tidy up a kitchen cabinet .
 A person is sitting is sitting in a cluttered room , doing something on their cell phone . Once they finish , they put their phone away , take their shoes off , get up from their chair , and walk away .
 A person in the laundry room is undressing by taking off their sweater . They are drinking a glass of water and putting some dishes onto a table in the laundry room .
 This person is sitting in a chair , reading a book and fiddling with it .
 A person is in the closet buttoning up their shirt they grab a coat and put it on close the closet pick up a picture look at it , then put it down and leave the closet .
 A person leans over and looks through some shelves . The person picks up a book and sits down on a couch and beings to read . The person then gets up .
 a person is going up the stairs holding a drink . another person is going down the stairs , eating something while running down the stairs .
 A person is opening the door . A person is watching a movie on their phone as the person waits for their laundry to finish .
 A man in standing near a door way drinking a glass of water holding a piece of paper . Another man is sitting on a counter doing home work , while eating a sandwich .
 A person sitting in a living room and watching TV while drinking from a cup , the person then tilts the cup to the side and pours water on the floor , then looks at the cup .
 A person brushes off a table with a towel while another person stands in the doorway . They continue to brush and clean with the towel as the other person walks in the room and opens a cabinet . The other person pulls out a toy from the cabinet and throws it on the floor .
 A person awakens on a bed and sneezes before getting up . The person grabs a bottle of medicine , and drinks water from a cup .
 A person runs into the bathroom and undresses quickly while trying to close the door which wo n't close because the broom is leaned against the door jam .
 A person is sitting on the floor . The person laughs . The person stands up and grabs a pillow from the couch . The person sets the pillow down on the floor . The person sits on the pillow .
 A person takes some dishes from a cabinet at the top of the stairs . Holding the dishes , the person walks down the stairs .
 A person is standing while holding a book in their home office . They then walk over to a desk , put the book down and open a laptop .
 A person is closing a refrigerator while another person is fixing a vacuum .
 A person is washing a glass vase . They put the towel down and begin to eat , then turn the vase over and continue eating .
 A person is standing in the hallway while watching the door . They start closing the door , and then moving to a nearby chair where there is a bottle of medicine on top of the chair .
 A person is standing in the kitchen near the gas top.He drank something and removed his shoes later .
 A person opens the door and enters their laundry room . The person sits on a pillow on a chair , and begins undressing .
 A person is playing with a phone and sets it on a table . Then the person starts putting items on a shelf and tidying it up .
 A person wearing a red checkered shirt sips coffee while another nearby individual vacuums the floor .
 A person is eating a sandwich and then throws medicine down the stairs .
 A person is standing at the stove cooking food on a skillet . The person turns the overhead light on and gets a soda out of the refrigerator and drinks it .
 The person was taking a box of old pictures out of the house to put under a window in the garage , and started opening the boxes .
 A person is sitting on the couch covered in a blanket while she eats snacks from a bag that she holds in her hand , and drinks from a can .
 A person puts a cup of coffee onto the table . The person takes a picture of the cup .
 A person is standing holding a mirror in one hand and a bottle in the other . They are looking into the mirror and they sneeze . They stop looking into the mirror and open a door and exit the room , closing it behind them .
 The person is listening to someone on the phone . They then smile and hang up the phone . They close the closet door and stand up .
 A person is buttoning up their shirt in the closet . The person closes the closet and walks into the other room . The person grabs their phone and plays with it .
 A person opens a cabinet door , throws their sandwich onto a shelf , and closes the door .
 A person is cooking at a stove . They start playing on their phone and twirling a glass in one hand . They walk over to the sink , set the glass inside , and go back to cooking .
 A person is looking in the fridge for something . The person then goes to a cabinet and takes out medicine while looking at television .
 A person cleans a sofa and then picks up a towel from the floor . The person next walks to a vacuum and grasps it .
 A person walks in a room and opens a closet , taking out a book . They begin looking through the book .
 Person is sweeping stairs with broom , another person is standing on stairs drinking coffee and sneezes .
 A person is laughing at doing the homework on the laptop while standing by the vacuum .
 A person is grasping a bag of groceries . They look at their phone and start undressing .
 A person walks up to a washing machine and picks up a bag of groceries and a plate . That same person then sneezes and picks up a glass .
 A person is putting some clothes into a bag . The person closes up the bag , and then throws it into the corner .
 Person standing in the kitchen by a table eating food and another person walk in and sat something in a chair .
 A person is cooking at a stove . They open the refrigerator , take something out , and return to cooking .
 A person is standing at the bathroom sink and wets their hands and rubs their cheeks with the wet hands while smiling and looking at the mirror .
 Man opens a kitchen pantry door , picks up some dishes and sets them on the counter by the stove .
 A person is standing in a doorway holding some medicine , they take some and then set the medicine on the floor and leave out the door , closing it behind them .
 A person is walking towards the mirror in their bedroom . The person looks back at a chair in the bedroom and grasps a towel and places it atop the chair .
 The person takes a coat from the chair in the bathroom and puts it on . The person then washes their hands , then drying them with a towel and leaves .
 A person sat on a couch and read a book . The person then then sneezed and closed the book . After this , the person stood up and walked away .
 A person is drinking coffee and eating food . They finish eating and begin tidying the area around them and then take some medicine .
 A person is doing work on a laptop , after a while , the person gets up grabs a towel and goes to a closet .
 A person is undressing in front of a light . A person is then putting their clothes in a box that they had taken off .
 The person bursts into the front door holding a blanket and a sandwich in their hand and leaves the door open and then throws the blanket on the couch then goes back and shuts the door then grabs the tv remote , turns it on and then sits on the couch and then stands back up while grabbing the tv remote .
 A person is holding a broom in their hand and getting ready to clean . They look at a picture hanging on the wall and sneezes .
 A person walks by a mirror holding a coffee cup lays on the floor then they get up go over to the mirror and smile into the mirror .
 A person is holding a camera , another person walks in holding a clipboard and throws it onto the ground . The person walks around the room .
 A person is playing with a box and a pillow on the floor while another person walks in and watches .
 A person is standing holding a towel and a lamp the walk over to the door and try to put the towel on the door knob but it keeps falling off .
 A person awakens on the floor of their study . The person sits up , throws their pillow aside , and straightens up the clothes that they are wearing .
 A person is standing in the kitchen grasping their phone . The person puts their phone on the shelf and takes a bottle of medicine off the shelf . The person reads the label of the medicine bottle and laughs .
 A person is sitting in a chair at the bottom of a staircase while hugging or snuggling with a pillow .
 A person sneezes and takes a sandwich off a shelf . They eat the sandwich and pick up and open a book .
 A person that is sitting sorts through a box , pulls multiple items briefly from the box , choses one item , closes the box and sets both the box and the item on the floor before standing and walking away .
 The person , holding a cup , opens the door . The person walks through the door , though the kitchen , and into the living room . The person sits down on some furniture , possibly a table , and opens a plastic bottle of Coca Cola . The person is holding the phone to take a video .
 A person is standing in front of a mirror getting dressed . The person walks down the hallway and looks at a picture on the wall and smiles .
 A person turns on the light in their dining room . The person sneezes while playing a game on their phone and sitting in a chair .
 A person is standing and holding a cup . The person walks toward the camera , stops , drinks from the cup , then continues to walk .
 The person is in a laundry room , kneeling on the floor as they take out the clothes from the dryer and shoving them inside a bag . They take out a blanket and snuggle it against their chest , inhaling deeply . They suddenly sneeze and this makes them continue shoving clothes into the bag . Finally , they finish and they get up off the floor and reach for the softener on the shelf . They read the label and then put it down again .
 A person opening a door to their entry away stretches their arms as if they 're just awakening . They carry a pillow and a cup of coffee up the entry way to a door .
 A person mops some stairs while walking down and holding a bottle in their hand . When the person finishes , the person lays down on the stairs .
 A person is washing a window while eating a sandwich .
 A person holding a laptop walks into the room and puts it on a table near a window . The person then watches a video playing on the laptop .
 A person drunkenly walks through a hallway , eating a sandwich . They turn on the light , take off their jacket and throw it in the floor before leaving the hallway to go into their bedroom .
 A person sneezes while holding a broom . They put the broom aside then watch as the fix their hair in the mirror .
 A person enters the kitchen holding a pillow , puts a pillow on a sofa , then exits the kitchen , closing the door behind them .
 A person stretches in bed and gets up . The person looks through a box and takes a picture frame out , examining it . The person puts the picture away .
 the person open the door came inside and looking fo rsomething in the bench and ate bread
 This person is drinking what appears to be chocolate milk . He goes to a kitchen cabinet and grabs something , perhaps vitamins , and leaves his milk on the shelf .
 A person is running down the stairs holding a bottle of medicine . The person throws the medicine onto the shelf and stops to look in the mirror . The person fixes their hair and laughs at themselves .
 A person throws some clothes and a towel on a table . Then the person dresses by putting on a jacket .
 One person closes a box with some shoes in it , then holds a phone and smiles into it .
 A person walks in the room and pulls a coffee cup off a table stands in the room drinking for a moment before replacing the cup on the table .
 A person walks into the laundry room , picks up a laptop from a stack of clothes , pours detergent into the washing machine while looking at the laptop , and then puts the laptop back on the clothes .
 A person is walking up the stairs in a towel and starts to get dressed . At the top of the stairs they button up the shirt and open a door to enter a room .
 A person is standing in the entryway smiling at something on their phone . The person turns on the light and throws their phone on the table , then takes a drink of a glass of water .
 A person is sitting in a chair , smiling and laughing as they flex their muscles . Another person is standing by a window sneezing .
 A person opens the door , walks in and grabs a pillow and a blanket . The person walks back out , closing the door behind them .
 The person watches a pillow fall down the downstairs , while they are eating a sandwich .
 The person was watching television in the dining room . Since they had a sore back , they were sitting on a pillow on the chair . They looked at the sofa longingly , but knew that it would be horrible for their back .
 A person watches television while holding a laptop . They then begin sneezing .
 A person pours a drink , sits in a chair , and then laughs as the person looks at the clothes the person is wearing .
 People are sitting in a room . One person is eating at a table , the other person is looking at a laptop and shaking their fist .
 A person is playing with their phone while sitting in a chair and laughing while watching tv while eating from a bowl of food in their lap .
 The person is on a phone . They are getting to ready to leave , and are finishing dressing . They button their shirt and put on their shoes . As they walk to the door , they notice a broom has been left lying on the floor , so they grasp it by the handle and leave it leaning against the wall .
 A person is smiling and laughing at the bathroom mirror . The person is using a camera to take a selfie by taking a picture of the mirror . The person is making sure that the light is perfect for the photo .
 A person is tidying up the basement by folding towels that are down there . The person gets a phone call and takes a phone out of a pocket answering the call , after talking for 5 seconds the person begins laughing .
 A person cooking and wiping down a refrigerator.The person turns away from the refrigerator and goes to the stove and stirs a spoon in a pot .
 A person holding a bag opens the refrigerator and places produce from the bag in the refrigerator . The person accidentally drops green beans on the floor in the process of placing the produce in the refrigerator and looks at the green beans as the person closes the refrigerator door .
 A person is laughing and smiling as they throw a pillow on the floor then begins to watch the camera on a desk .
 The person hugs a pillow , then picks something up off of the floor and closes a closet door .
 A person is standing in the kitchen and tossing a pillow up and down in the air while a second person closes the door to the refrigerator .
 A person holds a throw pillow under one arm and proceeds to pick up a stack of dishes from a table and leaves the hallway .
 A person laughs and holds their phone as they grab the closet doorknob and open/close the door as if playing hide and seek with someone .
 A person walks over and sets a laptop down on a table . The person then opens a cardboard box , takes something out of it , and runs away .
 A person awakens in their home office , grasps the remote control , and turns on the television . The person picks up a bag and removes something from it .
 A person is eating a sandwich , and drinking coffee . The person then gets up and lies down on the bed
 Person is standing , holding two bags with groceries and sneezing , then person puts groceries on table .
 One person is sitting in a chair tossing a pillow . The other person is sitting in a chair with their head on the table .
 A person in a bathroom putting on their shoes . Than drinking from a cup and pouring the rest down the sink . The person proceeds to turn on the water and raise the sink out with water .
 A person holding a bag of groceries in one hand stands next to a counter . Another person walks in and picks up a phone and some books .
 A person stands at a sink and washes a cup then the person walks away from the sink and puts on a shirt .
 Person standing in a room throwing a towel on the table while snuggling with a blanket .
 A person is sitting at a table looking at a camera . That same person places the camera down and takes a drink from a glass .
 A person is standing in the bathroom , the light is off . The person walks over to the light , turns it on , picks up the blanket from the floor and walks out .
 A person sits on a couch and fluffs a pillow . This person then puts a laptop on the pillow and starts typing .
 A person stands in a room eating and drinking while looking down at some items on a chair .
 A person touches a doorknob on a door and laughs.The person proceeds to enter into the closet with a box and a package that was picked up off a stand by the door.The person put the package and box are put on a table in the closet .
 A person is standing in the pantry , gathering the groceries they need to fix dinner while reading the recipe on a laptop they are carrying .
 A person is sitting at a table . They open up a book on the table and start writing on it with a pencil .
 A person is walking down the stairs holding their phone . When the person reaches the bottom of the stairs , the person picks up a broom and begins tidying up the floor . The person walks to the window and looks out , then laughs .
 A person walks in the kitchen they walked to the refrigerator and open the door they take out some food holding it tightly , they walked to the stove and place it on the stove to prepare to start cooking .
 A person walks into a room with their arms full carrying multiple items then sneezes several times while still holding the items .
 A person is eating at a table in the kitchen off of multiple dishes . Another person is lying on the ground next to the refrigerator .
 A person is cleaning a box , placing the box from a table and putting it on the floor . The person is then tidying up the table .
 A person runs into the bathroom , grasping a cup of coffee . The person drinks from the cup , and sets it down on a table .
 A person is tidying up a desk by putting things in a bag , they then begin tidying up a stove then g over and grab a broom and begin sweeping .
 The person walked to the door , opened it and left while holding a broom .
 A person is grasping the doorknob standing in the doorway of the garage . The person leaves , closing the door , but opens it quickly after to remember to turn off the light .
 A person is standing in the kitchen , reading a book . The person puts the book down and takes out their phone . The person grabs their coat and begins dressing to go outside .
 A person opens the door and another person comes running through tripping on a pair of shoes .
 A person sits on a chair holding a pillow at a desk . They pick up a bottle and drink medicine from it . They then drink from a cup .
 A person walks down a set of stairs while removing an article of clothing . The person then sits down and drinks something while looking at the article of clothing .
 A person sitting on chair holding a pillow , is laughing to themselves , they then get up grab a broom and leave .
 A person walks through a doorway and closes the door . The person then sits on the floor and cleans up some clothes .
 A person carries a glass around a table and puts it on the table . The person picks up a bag and takes something out of it and puts it on the table .
 A person walks in the hallway with a blanket on their shoulders . The person then stops and sits down on the floor to look at some homework .
 The person opens the door , picks up a short broom and starts quickly sweeping something from the floor into the corner .
 Person in a bedroom taking clothes from a basket the began throwing the clothes onto a bed
 A person is sitting and drinking from a glass while switching the glass from one side to the other .
 A person walks into the room holding a pair of shoes . The person grabs a broom and turns off the light and leaves .
 A person sneezes while walking down the stairs . The person takes their flip phone out of their pocket and opens it . The person looks out the window and puts their hand on the glass .
 A person is holding a coffee cup and then grasping a doorknob in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person is standing while holding a broom and the person begins to take sips from a coffee mug while continuing to hold the broom .
 A person standing in a hallway puts a jacket on and then bends down and picks up a camera and some medicine and carries them out of the room .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom . The person then puts the broom up against a wall . The person then walked over to a nearby counter and picked up an object .
 A person smiles as they watch the door . The person picks up a book and begins reading it .
 A person is sitting as a desk in the bedroom . The person takes a tissue from a tissue box , and sneezes into it .
 A person stands in the laundry room next to the washer with a blanket in arms . The person stands looking at the camera , and turns on a light before turning around and loading the washer .
 The person is vacuuming in the living room of their home . They then realize they forgot to do their work of putting the groceries away .
 A person is standing at the stove cooking something in a pan . He then walks over to the fridge , opens the door , and pulls something out of the fridge that he eats .
 A person is standing in a Recreation room / Man cave holding a camera . The person begins dressing then takes a picture of a light in the room .
 A person is running through the door playing with a phone , they then walk out of the door .
 A person is in their bedroom lying on a pillow while laughing at a picture they took on their camera . They get up while grasping the camera in their left hand .
 A person is sitting down , they open and look at a medicine bottle . They then pick up some dishes and throw them .
 A person throws clothes onto a bed and runs to another room , turns on a light and opens a refrigerator . Another person is near the bed folding clothes , this person picks up a pile of clothes and walks over near the refrigerator before walking away .
 A person is throwing a blanket on the floor then with a camera they begin to take pictures of the blanket .
 A person is sitting at a desk working on a laptop . There is a glass on the desk and the person picks it up while working .
 Person reaching over and locking the window , goes to cupboard and gets a pot , goes over to the sink and fills it with water , and the puts it onto the stove .
 A person is entering the room , sneezing . The person grasps the sink to steady himself . Then the person begins to tidy up by picking the clothes off the floor and putting them in the hamper .
 A person is sitting down eating from a bowl that they are holding.. The same person then gets up and closes the doors to the room .
 Person 1 is standing in the middle of the study , arms folded , laughing at the television . Person 1 then walks to the door and begins sneezing .
 A person is lying on a bed with their head on a pillow while eating some food and looking at the television .
 The person walked towards shelf opened it took a shirt hold it and put it back closed the shelf and walked away .
 A person laying in a bed removes covers , sits up , picks up a glass of water on a table , takes a drink , stands up and puts on a pair of shoes
 A person is laughing at a sheet of homework while another person is putting medicine on the floor .
 Person walks over to an end table , picks up a hoodie , folds it then lays the hoodie on a chair . The person pats the hoodie and looks at it for a few seconds before walking away
 A person is walking around the kitchen , smiling and talking on the phone while holding a sandwich in one hand .
 A person is putting shoes in a bag on the stairs . He throws the bag as well .
 A person sitting on the sofa drinking a beer and watching television . The person laughs really hard at the television and uses a towel to wipe their forehead .
 A person in their home office is standing up next to a table . They begin eating a sandwich that they have been holding for quite a while .
 Person sitting on bed looks out window , then starts eating , looks at box puts food in mouth multiple times . Then opens another snack and looks at it .
 sits down at computer , opens laptop . gets up , walks across room , checks hair in mirror
 While fixing the chair , the person became thirsty . So the person went to the sink . After pouring out the old water from the glass , the person began filling it up with fresh tap water .
 A person awakens on the stairs , with a book on their chest . The person closes the book , looks into a nearby mirror , and then runs to the top of the steps .
 A person sitting at a desk takes a glass from a box , then leaves the room .
 A person in a living room opens a medicine bottle . The bottle is empty so they throw it away and take a look at them self in a mirror .
 A person is sitting down and takes off their shoes . They hold each shoe and begin pouring something from a box into their shoes , before putting the shoes down on the floor .
 Person is sitting on stairs holding shoes and taking to doorknob and laughing .
 A person stands in an entryway to their home eating a sandwich . The person looks at their phone and begins laughing at a picture on the screen before putting the phone on a table . The person leaves the entryway still smiling about what was on the phone .
 A boy is opening a cupboard , then picks up a broom , which he holds in his hand as he begins to walk away out of the room .
 A person is kneeling down and using tools to work on a television . They stand up and take a picture with a camera that they then put on a shelf .
 A person is sitting in a closet hugging a picture , while holding a camera .
 A person looking at something on the wall and then proceed to sit down on the floor to eat a item on a plate
 A person is in a kitchen putting a glass cup in the sink after they finished drinking water from it recently .
 A person is watching a video on a laptop while sitting in a chair at a desk .
 The person is sitting on a chair at a desk eating a sandwich . They are smiling at the camera as they grab a glass to drink from .
 A person is walking around a room and picks up a bag off of a table . They inspect the contents of the bag , put the bag down , and then pick up their phone and answer it .
 The person opens the refrigerator , removes food , closes the door , eats what they remove from the refrigerator then puts a towel over the shoulder .
 A person begins opening the refrigerator and taking groceries out of a bag . Grasping the door , the person opens it and puts the groceries away .
 A person walks into the garage , carrying a stack of dirty dishes . The person puts the dishes down , eats a piece of food from one of them , then wipes their hands on their clothes .
 A person walks into the room and opens a couple of cabinets . That same person takes a laptop off of a shelf in the cabinet , sits down at a table and opens the laptop .
 A person is holding a cup of coffee and drinking it then turning off a light and walking out the door .
 A person sits on a bed with some homework . The person balls ups some paper and throws it at a television .
 A person is in their kitchen holding on to a chair while drinking a glass of water .
 Person # 1 was sitting in a chair when person # 2 walked in . Person # 2 picked up a phone from a table and began playing with it and laughing while talking to the other person .
 A person sits in a chair in the garage , folding clothes and towels . The person smiles .
 A person carrying a pair of shoes and a towel opens a cabinet . Then they clean the shoes with the towel and get up and leave the room .
 A person eats a sandwich while watching television . They pause to laugh at something on the screen , then resumes eating .
 A person opens the doors to the pantry then the person picks up a box . The person opens the box then sneezes . After the person puts the box down the person looks into a mirror and smiles at it .
 A person is holding a book and a cup of coffee . The person sets the cup down and opens the book .
 A person is taking photos with their camera . Then , putting the camera down , the person stands in front of the clothing and begins tidying the garments .
 A person is standing cleaning up items on a table . The person picks up a camera , looks into it , and then sets it on a shelf .
 A person is vacuuming the bedroom . The person then runs , turns off the light , and runs out of the room through the doorway .
 A person is in a laundry room standing reading a book , they then put a bed sheet in the machine and start washing it .
 The people are standing around the table one person is looking out the window the other person in wiping an item with a rag .
 A person is walking from one room into another carrying a grocery bag . That same person stops and pats the cat on the head before opening the door and leaving the house
 A person puts something on a shelf and then sneezes and wipes their nose with a kleenex before closing the cabinet door .
 Two people are sitting on the floor and taking drinks from a low table , and one of the people takes a picture of the other one while he continues to drink .
 Person is washing stove while talking on phone then starts smiling .
 A person is putting their shoes against the wall . They grab their laptop , and walk out of the room holding it .
 The person is sitting on the couch , sneezing continuously . There is a stack of pillows on the couch next to the person .
 A person is cooking near the window . The person crosses to a chair and , sitting , smiles in relief .
 A person is in the living room sitting at a desk and a person is watching television .
 A person is cleaning a table with a cloth and under dishes , while another person nearby adjusts a table .
 A person walks into the kitchen , picks up a towel and checks something in the stove , then adjusts the dials on the stove an puts the towel on the counter .
 A person opens a window and waters plants in their window box .
 A person walks into a room holding a picture They start laughing , grab a cup off the table take the drink , place to cut back on the table and walked out of the room .
 Person is lying on the floor with a pillow on his head . Person wakes up , gets up , picks up the pillow , opens a cabinet and places the pillow inside .
 A person is standing in front of the mirror and fixing his hair . He turns and picks up a broom , then leaves the room with it .
 A person is standing and working on putting groceries away . The person is shutting the cabinet door .
 Two people sitting on a bed with a pillow in their laps , then one person getting up , walking across the room to open a cabinet door and then sneezing .
 A person is opening a box while lying on the floor . They take out homework from the box .
 A person takes some slippers off and puts them downstairs , closing the door afterwards . The person holds their arm and looks around .
 A person lifts some tea off a table out of the kitchen walks back in wipes the table 's surface then sits at the table and begins to write in a notebook .
 A person walks towards a walk-in closet , flicks the lightswitch on , then leaves . The individual opens another nearby closet and retrieves a blanket , walks back to the original closet , and throws it inside .
 A person sneezes while putting away towels on a shelf . They then clean a mirror , close the door , and clean the door .
 Person A fell asleep on the couch in the living room while watching TV . Upon awakening , s/he is thirsty and reaches for a glass of water that is sitting on a nearby shelf . S/he is drinking the last sip of water .
 A person opens a wardrobe and takes out a pair of shoes and some clothes . They get dressed and leave the room .
 A person wearing a messenger bag unzips the bag and begins eating food contained inside , the individual then picks up a phone and begins speaking into it .
 A person is standing next to a window while straightening out the clothes the person is wearing . Afterwards , the person takes a blanket and wraps it around their waist like a skirt before walking towards the camera .
 A person is throwing a towel over their shoulder and smiling while looking at pictures on a camera .
 A person pours a drink from a bowl to a cup . Another person then enters and uses a match to start the stove stove top to cook food in a pot .
 A person is standing in the hallway holding a blanket and a sandwich . The person puts the blanket on the floor and takes a bite of the sandwich .
 A person throws a blanket onto a sofa . Another person runs around holding a pile of clothes before letting them fall onto the floor .
 A person walks into the room grasping a glass of water . The person drinks some water then picks up a blanket from off the floor and throws it on top of a pile of clothes in the doorway .
 The person is laying on the stomach in bed with the head at the foot board of the bed watching television .
 Person standing holding a picture and looking at it , turns on the light , then sets the picture down to answer the phone .
 One person lies on the floor , with a drinking glass nearby , fixing a vacuum .
 People were watching something on the television . One person was sitting on a couch laughing hysterically and the other person was standing up eating an apple .
 A person is sitting on a chair snuggling with a pillow . A 2nd person enters the room opens and closes the refrigerator , then and opens the front door .
 A person behind a door putting a shirt on and pulling at their pants and drops their phone , turns and looks around than turns back to the closet .
 A person is throwing shoes at a pillow . Then the person starts leaving the room with the shoes .
 The person is leaving the camera on the counter and the other person is leaving the refrigerator open after pouring a glass of milk .
 A person hangs clothes in the closet and straightens things on a shelf . The person sneezes and then leaves the closet .
 A person lies on a bed and works on their homework and then drinks some water from a bottle .
 A person was sitting on a couch and was opening and closing a box . The person then stood up and picked up a laptop from a nearby table . The person then opened the laptop computer .
 A person is tidying up a desk . The person then walks over and puts some items on a table . Meanwhile another person walks past the first .
 Holding a pair of shoes , the person walked out of the closet and opened the window , laughing about the absurdity of the situation .
 Person in the kitchen open the tap and he puts water in the plastic glass , pour down the water in the sink . Then he picks up his bag and take his jacket , wears his jacket and checks his phone
 A person opens a medicine cabinet in the laundry room . The person looks through the cabinet for a moment , looks into the mirror and sneezes . The person leaves the room .
 Person sitting at a desk on a laptop snuggle with a blanket , pick up a glass and drink something out of the glass
 A woman holding a plastic grocery bag walks toward a hallway closet , opens the closet , then shuts it , and returns back to their original standing position .
 The person in this video is sitting down trying to get their shirt on . They are laughing and having a bit of a hard time getting the shirt on .
 Person uses a pen to write in a notebook while standing in the doorway to the kitchen before turning around and walking away .
 A person is cooking and stirring in a pan , and adding some spices in it , and ready to spray something .
 A person is preparing some food on the stove . The person is holding their phone and talking on it . The person adjusts the heat level dial on the stove .
 A smiling person reaches into the medicine cabinet , and takes something out , grasped in their hand . They begin running water in the sink , after moving a book that had been laying on its edge , to the back of the cistern of the toilet .
 A person reaches for some medicine on a shelf and tries to open it.The person sneezes a couple of times and keeps trying to open the medicine.The person bends over and picks up a box .
 A person is sitting at a desk using a computer . They eat some food and drink from a glass before getting up and taking the dishes with them as they leave .
 A person pulls up a chair and grabs a box as the stand on it . As the are holding it the start laughing .
 A person is sweeping down some stairs , they then find some shoes near the top and throw the shoes and the broom down the stairs .
 A person is standing and looking at a paper while they reach down and pick up a full laundry basket . Some of the clothes spill out of the basket as it is pick up .
 A person is washing a mirror . They pick up a towel and dry the mirror , and smile .
 A person walks into the kitchen , opens the door of a cabinet , takes out a cup , closes the door , walks to the sink , pours some water into the cup , then put the cup on the counter . They walk away .
 A person is opening the door to a bedroom . The person is holding a glass of water and drinking it while standing next to the bed . The person then starts tidying the area by the bed using a broom .
 A person sits at a table , eating a sandwich . The person sees a picture , which causes them to smile .
 A person is sitting on a chair in a laundry room . The person is reading a book . Another person walks into the laundry room and starts undressing while talking on the phone .
 A person is standing in the entryway of the house . Holding a broom and smiling . They use the broom to sweep up as well as move some loose clothing on the floor .
 A person is sitting in a chair watching television and holding a cup of coffee . The person puts the coffee on the table , then picks up a picture and looks at it .
 A person wearing an un-buttoned plaid shirt begins to button the shirt , finishes buttoning , then moves in front of a hanging mirror .
 A person is standing in a kitchen holding two pieces of bread . The person places the two pieces of bread together like a sandwich , laughing . At the same time , another person is leaning over clutching the back of a bar chair .
 A person is cooking food on the stove . A person then starts to wash dishes .
 A person sets a box on a desk . They take a towel from the box , and use it to cover the box . They walk away , and start throwing shoes at the desk , trying to knock over the box and blanket .
 A person holding a laptop and a sandwich puts them on a table and leaves .
 There is a person folding a blanket that was on a sofa . That person then moves a pillow and starts to staighten something on a table .
 A person is cooking on a stove . THen they walk and open the refrigerator to grab eggs . Then set the eggs down .
 A person is looking out a window and laughing . A person then closes a wardrobe door .
 A person walks toward an entryway holding a broom . A second person begins to record the first person on a camera .
 A person walks to window , opens it and looks out . The person then walks over to the bed and picks up phone and smiles .
 A person holding a bag of food is watching writing in a book . The person finishes writing and closes the book then eats the food in the bag .
 A man stands in a hallway looking and laughing at a picture hanging on the wall , then takes a jacket out of a bag on the floor and puts it on .
 A person is eating food while tidying the pantry with a broom . Then they close the door and turn off the light .
 The person is closing the refrigerator and drinking out of a box of wine from the refrigerator in the home office / study .
 A person puts a book in a bag as they tidy around a desk with a small towel . They then quaff some water from a glass and eat some snack food .
 A person is undressing in front of the mirror . The person picks up a towel then leaves , holding the towel .
 A person is undressing by the stairs by taking their jacket off . They start throwing pictures down the stairs , while pulling out some medicine from their left pocket .
 The person took an item off of a counter and put it below the counter . The person then grabbed a small cup off of the table and filled it with water from a nearby sink . The person then drank the water from the cup .
 This person is working on a laptop . This person may be trying to fix it .
 A person runs in the room carrying a pillow . They put the pillow on a counter and open a window . The person then goes to the stove and cooks .
 A person standing on a blanket holds a light up to a bottle of medicine to carefully examine it .
 A person is taking a sandwich out of the refrigerator . Then , closing the door and smiling , the person turns the light off and leaves with their sandwich .
 Two people appear to be in the living room . One is sitting on the sofa , watching tv and hold a plate of food . The other person is taking pictures of the other person on the sofa .
 A girl talks on her phone while picking up a pillow and putting it into the closet . She continues to stand in the doorway and talk on her cell phone .
 One person , who is standing , pours coffee for themselves and for another person who is sitting at a desk . Both people drink from their cups . The person who is sitting gets up and walks away .
 A person turned on the camera then walked to the fridge . Obtaining some foodstuffs from the fridge , they then placed them on the counter , grabbed some utensils , and began preparing food . The person the turned off the camera .
 A person is seen opening a cabinet and sneezing . They begin looking for some medicine but pull out a towel , lying it on the counter .
 A person is undressing and taking off shoes in a doorway , then drinking coffee in a bedroom .
 A person walks into the garage and takes off their jacket . Then they turn around and walk back out .
 A person walks into the laundry room and opens the window . They look out for a second then lean back against the dryer and take a drink from the cup they are holding . They look back outside and close the window .
 A person enters the room and then sits down on a sofa , then gets back up and looks out the window . Then they laugh and throw a ball across the room .
 A person is cooking and eating , then sneezing on a glass and finally putting away groceries in a pantry .
 Person walks into laundry room while talking on the phone . Person then ends call , pulls out towels from the dryer , and begins to fold the towels . Person then grabs a towel close to face , smells it , and smiles . Person finishes folding towels , puts them on the shelf and walks out .
 A person holding a blanket snuggles with it . The person then puts the blanket down on a chair by where clothes are hanging .
 A person walks through a doorway , opens a cabinet and takes out a box . The open the box , remove food and eat while smiling .
 A person is sitting at the table and eating some food . A person then lies on the floor and falls asleep on a blanket .
 A person in a dining room is walking towards a table carrying some wet dishes , standing up they start to dry them off with a small towel .
 A person sitting on a floor in front of a desk .The person picking up papers and stacks them on a book.The person picks up the book and puts it back down.The person gets up and goes to a table and picks up some food .
 A person grabs a laptop from the shelf and sits down on the couch . They open the laptop and begin working on it .
 A person sitting in their dining room is grasping the handle to a mug of coffee and typing on a laptop . They get up , leaving the table and running out of the room .
 A person comes through a doorway then takes off their shoes . The person then takes a book off a table and opens it and reads it .
 A person is looking through a wardrobe . A person then turns on a light . A person is holding a towel .
 A person looks at something in the distance while holding a broom . The person sets the broom aside and puts on a black hoodie .
 The person walked into their living room and started vacuuming the floor . The person looked at the camera and then continued to vacuum the floor before stopping and leaving the room .
 The person is on the phone , walking across the room . He goes to the table , starts eating , sits down , also takes a drink , all while on the phone .
 Person stands at the stove looking in a mirror and stirring a pot , takes twp bites of something and keeps on stirring
 Person turns on light , enters room , takes packet out of cupboard , closes cabinet and starts working on something on shelf just out of view of camera
 A girl throws a book onto a couch . Then , still standing , she picks up a cup and begins to take a drink from it before leaving .
 the person cleaning the mirror neatly and got sneeze while cleaning the mirror
 A person walks into a room , takes a glass off the window , grabs clothing and throws it into another room .
 A person is approaching the stairs while holding a box . The person removes shoes from the box , leaves the box on the ground , and hurries down the stairs .
 Person standing , drinking from glass , puts glass on floor . Then turns and walks towards vacuum , touches handle , wiggles it , touch it with foot , bends down still touching handle to maneuver it .
 A person is vacuuming around a dinner table . They then turn off the vacuum cleaner , inspect the cell phone on the table , then they grab the book next to it . They take both the book and the cell phone , stack them together on the table , and walk away .
 a sandwich is sitting in the doorway of a hall . A person is laughing as they are running and jumping over the sandwich back and forth .
 Person holding broom , sweeps floor , puts broom in corner by door , picks up clothes from basket , folds it , and touch appliance .
 A person is carrying their shoes into the kitchen they put their shoes on the counter and pick up a paper towel and start wiping down their shoes .
 A person is putting the top on a medicine bottle , then sets it on a table , picks up a book from the table and begins looking through it .
 A person is standing in the bathroom at the sink counter . Another person comes in without a shirt on and carrying a box . The original person in the room puts down a glass and walks out , and is followed by the second person .
 The person runs into the kitchen holding a book . They sit in a chair . They then get up and place the book on the counter .
 A person enters the room and puts some laundry in the washer . They get a bottle of detergent and put some in the washer . Then they close the washer door and put away the detergent bottle . They close the door to the laundry room and get a book and walk out of the room .
 A person is in their dining room laughing while on their phone . They open a cabinet and grab a medicine bottle before running out of the room .
 A person comes in and takes off jacketand puts it on the back of the chair , then the person proceeds to dish out food into a bowl , and walks away
 A person is sitting at a table and is pushing a book and bag around the table . Afterwards , the person gets up and walks behind another person cleaning dishes in the sink and hugs them .
 A lady stands in her kitchen and unloads items from a basket and puts them into a cabinet while a second woman cooks behind her .
 A person plays with their shoes on the stairs , A person tries to eat their pillow on the stairs .
 A person is standing in a doorway , holding a book and playing with a cellphone . The person puts down the cellphone and picks up a plastic bag .
 A person is moving clothes around on a bed . They put a box on the floor , sit on the bed , pick up a broom and start fixing it .
 A person plays with a towel and wraps it around their head like a turban . They smile at their silliness and start using the towel to wash the dust off a small television or desk in their pantry .
 There is a person sitting in a chair drinking from a glass bottle . That person then takes off their shoes and stands up .
 A person picks up an umbrella and other clothing items , puts them back , then looks out the window , then turns off the light .
 The person opens and closes cabinets above a washing machine as if they are looking for something .
 A person is eating a sandwich under a doorway and then tidying the stairs .
 A person is sitting at a table . The person is fixing something while sipping coffee .
 A person stirs something in a pot on the stove , then walks over to a table , tears off a paper townel and starts to wipe off the table .
 Two people are in a kitchen . One is drinking from a mug while the other is grabbing crackers from a bag and putting them on a plate .
 A person is washing fingerprints off a door and then working on homework at a table in the home office / study .
 A person is walking in a hallway holding a book . They walk to a plate on a shelf and eat food from the plate .
 A person was sitting on the floor , then stood up , touched a plastic bag , then picked up a cup from a table and drank from it while starting to remove a jacket , then set the cup down and took the jacket all the way off , and then reached again for the cup .
 A person is taking a book out of a bag . They put the book under their arm and go back to the bag . They zip it closed and then put it and the book down and turn and leave the room through a door .
 A man is reading a book . He turns on the lights , put down the book and walks downstairs .
 A person is sitting on a toilet and reading a book , the person then closes and sets the book down on a small table then stands up and leaves .
 A person is drinking coffee in a walk-in closet . The person is also eating some food . The person begins washing shelves in the closet . The person watches a video on a phone while the person is doing this .
 A person is undressing in their laundry room . They take a towel from a cabinet and put it and their other clothes into the washer .
 Person walks through a hallway holding some shoes looks back and walks back where from Person came from while flashing a smile .
 A person smiles as they work on homework at a table . The person eats from a bag of chips .
 One person is sitting on a bed eating from a bowl as another person enters holding a tray of food , then also sits on the bed as the first person continues to eat
 A person is standing in a kitchen , walks over to the kitchen sink and looks out the window above the sink . The person washes their hands at the kitchen sink while continuing to look out the window . The person reaches into a draw on their left side and removes a towel and dries their hands . Throws the towel to their right side and pops head to the right .
 A person opens and walks through a door . The person closes the door and puts keys on a table and sits in a chair . The person opens and goes through the door again .
 A person stands in the doorway , drinking a glass of water . The person puts the empty glass down on a desk .
 A person is laughing at the television and putting homework on the table .
 A person is tidying up some clothes from in a bag . The person puts the clothes on a chair .
 A person is sneezing while eating lunch and drinking coffee in a dining room . Another person is putting a picture on the wall .
 A person is sitting on the toilet , toying with their phone . They laugh at something they see on the screen before standing up straight and looking at themselves in the mirror .
 A person is in a dining room dressing by a table , they then start smiling as they reach for a glass a take a sip from it .
 A person sitting looking out the window , grabs a bag and takes out shoes then goes back to looking out the window .
 One person is sitting on the sofa and then that person stands up and puts a towel on their shoulder . Lastly the person walks out the door .
 A person stands in front of an open refrigerator unloading a bag of groceries . They then take a beverage out , close the refrigerator and begin drinking .
 A person closes the door to the room . The person grasps the edge of a picture and straightens it . The person sneezes as the person turns to look out the window .
 A person is tidying up as the person sips their coffee . Then , sneezing , the person begins throwing clothing off the bed and onto the floor .
 A person walks to a chair and sits at a table . They begin eating something from the table and look around .
 A person is standing in the kitchen , wrapped in a blanket , drinking a cup of coffee and eating a bowl of soup . The person throw the empty soup can into the trash .
 A person is standing in the doorway drinking a cup of coffee and smiling .
 A person is sitting on the end of a bed watching television , laughing and rubbing his face . The person then stands and touches some clothes that are hanging .
 A person is holding a sandwich and eating it with a glass of milk and some various other dishes around .
 A person is sitting on a floor , leafing through a magazine . He then sneezes , takes out some substance , wipes some on his face and inhales some more .
 A person turns on the light to an entryway and are seen throwing shoes on the floor . They grab a glass of water and are then seen closing a door .
 A person is cooking on a stove using a spoon they walk out of the room .
 A person takes some groceries from a bag and puts them on a shelf in a cabinet . They sneeze and continue to put the groceries in the cabinet .
 Person opens the closet and places a box on a table . They take clothes out of the box , and start dressing .
 A person opening a door.A person inside the door screwing in some shelf 's in a closet .The other person stands and watches .
 A person runs up the stairs but pauses in front of the window . The person begins watching something outside as they eat a sandwich .
 The person lays down in the hallway on a pile of clothes before grabbing two pillows and throwing them .
 A person stands on the stairs holding a vacuum . They are also holding a book and reading .
 A person is sitting on a mat on the floor and takes his shirt off . When finished removing the shirt , the person pulls over a blanked and lies down on a pillow .
 A person sits on a sofa cuddling a pillow while another person holding a sandwich sits down next to them and cuddles them before sharing the sandwich .
 A person holds some shoes and pretends like one is a phone . They move the other one up and down
 One person is sitting in a chair playing on a phone . another person is standing and using a camera to take a picture of the seated person .
 Closing the door , a person begins walking to the table . The person picks up the phone and sits in the chair as the person begins to dial .
 The person is sweeping the floor . The person arranges some shoes . The person picks up a book and starts reading it .
 A person opens the dryer and grasps a blanket and a pillow from inside . The person laughs .
 A person is smiling in a study holding a bag , and a glass of milk . The person starts laughing .
 A person walks in the door , walks down a hallway , checks the pantry , walks into room , picks up a broom , sneezes , and walks away
 A person is holding a towel , then puts the towel down . The person then puts on a shirt , and their shoes . The person then begins sneezing .
 A person in the garage is smiling because they are eating some food that they found in a box .
 A person is seen working on putting a pillow on a shelf . The doorknob starts to turn and the door closes .
 a person throws a book onto a table and then sits down . The person take a drink and then gets back up and leaves .
 Two people sit at a table and drink water from glasses . One person gets up and walks through a doorway to another room and closes a door .
 A person is holding some dishes as they put them away in a cabinet . This person then grabs a broom and sweeps for a few seconds . The person then checks on a pot on the stove that they are cooking food in .
 A person turns on a light in their closet and sets a sandwich down on a plate .
 One person is tidying the basement with a vacuum while another person is grasping a sandwich and drinking something .
 A person is sitting on the floor fixing a cabinet door . They close the cabinet door and then pick up a snack and eat while opening up a book and looking at it . Then they pick up a stuffed animal off the floor and put it on top of the cabinet . They organize several boxes on the floor and reach up and touch the stuffed animal again .
 A person while holding groceries in the laundry room , A person stands holding a broom in the laundry room .
 a person walks into a closet with a box then finds a place to put it down and puts on a jacket
 In the basement , a person standing starts taking clothes out of a bag . They take them to the sink and begin washing them .
 Two people walking into a room , one is holding a bag of groceries while the other is holding a broom and begins tidying the are around them with it .
 A person washes their face while looking in a mirror . Another person sits in a chair and drops a towel on the floor .
 A person with a towel on holding mirror working their face , anther person walks in opens a door and locks it and turns and walks out .
 A person is sitting down on the floor holding a cup and a camera . They set the cup down on the floor and then pick it back up . Then they adjust a pillow that 's behind them . They look down at the camera they 're still holding .
 the person is coming indoors then removing a sweater and hanging it on a doorknob , then removing shoes then taking back the sweater and exiting the room
 A person goes running from one room , through another room and into the kitchen . In the kitchen , that person grabs a roll of paper towels off of a shelf and goes out the door with them .
 PERSON COMES IN TURNS ON LIGHT , SITS DOWN AND PICKS UP A PLATE WITH A SANDWICH ON IT AND PICKS UP A GLASS , GETS THE SANDWICH OFF THE PLATE AND PUTS PLATE DOWN AND STARTS EATING
 A person is standing in their laundry room eating a cookie . The person grabs a vacuum to clean the crumbs . The put the vacuum back , grab a blanket from the dryer , and leaves .
 A person picks up a towel and starts cleaning a television . The person throws something into a box and cleans a table .
 The person got dressed for the the cold day in there room , while another person stood by her desk , writing on a piece of paper .
 While the TV is on , the person rearranges items on a shelf . After finding room , the person puts a stack of papers on the shelf .
 Is person is standing at a stove cooking . The person takes groceries out of a bag to cook with them . The person then sneezes .
 A person picks a broom up from the ground and throws it . Then they close a laptop that 's on the counter .
 A person throws a book across the room .The person proceeds to walk over to a laptop on the floor and bend down and pick it up .The person takes a flash light out and shines it on the lap top .
 A person holding a pair of shoes opens the door to a cabinet and places them in it . They then grasp a doorknob , struggling to open the door .
 A person brings a broom into the bathroom . The person sneezes violently three times . They then lean the broom against the doorknob of the bathroom door , and they lie down on the floor of the bathroom in order to catch their breath from the sneezing .
 The person dropped paper inside the stove and reached in to get it out before stirring something on the stove .
 Person enters the bedroom holding a vacuum and begins to vacuum the room . Once finished Person begins working on homework that was on the desk .
 person is sitting on a sofa , they then grab a blanket and a book and walk out of the room .
 A person runs into the living room and grabs a bottle of medicine and a blanket . The person sneezes and throws the blanket onto the floor , then puts the medicine down and grabs a vacuum from the corner .
 A person walking from the kitchen to the living room with a item in hand , sitting down in a chair and leaning back .
 A person watches their phone as it sits on the table . The person grabs the phone and a book , and leaves .
 A person throws a towel on top of a bag sitting in their walk in closet . They then play a game on their phone as they leave the closet .
 A person is smiling while sweeping with a broom and then pouring water into a glass from the cabinet in the basement .
 A person stands in the entryway , holding a towel . The person throws the towel onto a nearby chair .
 A seated person looks out a window , then picks up a glass of water and takes a drink from it . Then the person puts the glass back down on the table .
 A person tidies a door with a towel . They walk over to the bed and take a bag , walk over and look at their laptop , then put the bag on the bed again . They begin to walk towards the doorway .
 A person is in a bedroom . The person picks up a chair and sets it down in front of a desk . A second person walks into a bathroom and washes hands under the tap .
 A person is sitting on a chair in the rec room playing a video game with a blanket across their lap . The person puts the controller on the desk and picks up a towel off the shelf to wipe their forehead .
 A person is standing in the bathroom doorway holding a bottle of medicine their phone rings so they take it out of their pocket and look at it , then they walk out of the bathroom .
 A person runs their home office carrying a broom . The person throws the broom aside and opens the window .
 A person sits down at a table and opens a laptop . The person gets up and pours some water into a pan . The person puts the pan on the stove and turns a burner on .
 A person wearing a pink sweater picks up a cardboard box and places it on a kitchen counter . The individual then briefly grabs a bag of limes and then checks their phone .
 A person walks into a closet with a broom , they throw the broom on the floor and put a sandwich on a shelf , they then leave .
 A person is putting a blanket onto another person while they are holding a pillow . The second person is asleep and awakens .
 The person threw the sandwich down with a look of disgust . The person grasped the edge of the sink and spit out their bite .
 A person is snuggling in their bed in their bedroom . They pick up a box on the floor and start throwing it towards the door .
 A person is walking down a hallway towards a door . They have trouble opening the door as they 're grasping a cup .
 The person is cleaning the sink and starts pouring cleanser down the drain . They then start grasping a cloth and clean the glass on the mirror .
 A person sits on the floor and plays a game on their laptop in front of a mirror .
 A person standing next to a cabinet begins smiling while holding a picture .
 A person is holding a camera and smiling at it . The person grabs some food off a plate and eats . The person grabs a bag from the table and carries it out the room .
 A person drinking from a cold cup.The person sneezes a couple of times.The person opens a draw and takes out some medicine and opens the bottle and takes some pills out .
 A person in the entryway is standing there with a towel in one hand and a broom in the other hand . They start running toward a desk and place both items on the desk .
 A person walks in from a door into a living room , then picks up a plate of food from a table and then takes a picture of the food using a camera phone .
 A person walks into the kitchen , opens the cabinet , and rearranges a bag in the cabinet . The person starts cleaning the top of the stove .
 The person is holding a jacket . The person walks to the window and looks out the window . The person is scrunching up a jacket . The person walks away from the window .
 A person took clothes out of the washer and put them in the dryer . The person put the dryer sheets back on the shelf and started smiling while walking to the trash can to throw away the lint from the lint-trap .
 A person is sitting at a desk writing while another person watches the person at the desk gets up and they both walk out .
 A person looking in a mirror straightening their hair , proceeds to roll up shirt shelves.The person turns and walk to a chair and sits down .
 A person is standing in front of a couch folding clothes and a blanket then takes a pillow and puts it on a book self . Then goes back to folding blankets and clothes on the couch .
 A person walks through a room and into a laundry room . They pick up a pair of shoes that are sitting on a chair .
 A person picks up a blanket and throws it on to a sofa . They sneeze and then laugh . They then suddenly run over to the sofa and plop down on it .
 A person sitting on the bed begins undressing while watching the television .
 A person smiled while looking in a mirror . The person then adjusted their clothes while continuing to look at their reflection in the mirror .
 A person is eating a sandwich while sitting on a chair . A person is drinking coffee at the same time .
 A person stands in front of a stove , cooking something in a pan . Before picking up the spatula and stirring , the person puts a towel over their shoulder .
 A person washes a glass in the sink . The person then laughs while turning the bathroom light off and leaves the room .
 person sitting on the sofa , drinking coffee and watching laptop kept something on the desk
 One person is snuggling with a book on a chair in the laundry room . Another person runs in drinking and watches the first person
 a person is standing in front of a medicine cabinet while working at cleaning a dish in the sink .
 A person in the hallway is tidying the hallway up by moving around some groceries . They take out their camera and start taking a picture of the window .
 A person is walking into the room , holding their phone . The person begins smiling as the person looks out the window .
 Person walks into a laundry room pick up some clothes pour something from a cup then turn on the water at the sink
 A person eats a sandwich while sitting at the table . They get up to leave and fall over , then grab some medicine from a cabinet .
 A person is seen sitting on a sofa running their fingers through their hair . They pick up a nearby glass and begin drinking from it .
 A person is lying on a bed and laughing at a book they 're reading . The sit up , pick up some clothes , and dress .
 A person throws clothes on the floor . The person then sits down and tries to open a door .
 Person gets on knees and opens a cabinet door twice before reaching over for a drink and standing up and drinking it .
 A person is holding a laptop while leaving the laundry room . The person switches off the light when exiting the room .
 A person is seen closing a box while taking out a camera . They begin snuggling up next the window with a blanket .
 A person sitting on a bed picking up clothes from a chair , folding them and placing them on the bed while another person sits in a chair watching .
 In this video a person is standing in a room holding a pillow . The person then throws the pillow on tho the couch in the center of the room .
 A person is tidying up a table by taking plates and putting them on a shelf . After finishing , the person trips on the chair and falls before getting back up .
 A person in a home office is grasping a bag of groceries , they then start working on removing the food and placing it on the desk .
 Two people are in a room . Person one is crying holding a rag . person two is crouched down fixing a cabinet , and holding a screwdriver .
 A person is grasping a towel . The person smiling as they take a picture .
 A person is leaving the house and grasps the doorknob while carrying a dish . Another person enters while carrying a bag .
 A person sitting in a chair sneezes a couple of times gets up goes to the table and picks up a medicine and opens it.The person picks up a water bottle and takes the pill and drinks the water .
 A person is fixing the table . The person stands and begins putting their shoes on . Then , drinking from a can of soda , the person leaves the room .
 A person stands in the laundry room doorway , then heads over to the washing machine to put something in it while looking at a laptop on a shelf nearby .
 A person lying down looks in a mirror . They pull the blanket over their head then start undressing from under the blanket .
 Person enter in the dining room and sit on the floor , take off both shoes and start to meditate in yoga position , then the person stand up an left the room .
 A person is drinking a soda as the person stands in front of the refrigerator . Then the person walks towards the living room , throwing their shoes out of the way as the person does so .
 A person is in a recreation room/man cave looking in a mirror next to the window when they sneeze and then laugh .
 A person is sitting at a desk playing with a laptop . Another person is sitting on a bed putting on their shoes .
 A person opens a cabinet and straightens up inside . After they close the cabinet , they pick up a broom and begin to sweep .
 A person is dressing in their bedroom while watching television . The grab a plate from a pile of dishes and start eating .
 A person is standing in their home office drinking from a glass of water . The person takes a medicine bottle from the desk and the glass and walks to their kitchen .
 A person is sitting at the table . A person then goes to the sink and start cleaning the dishes .
 A person sneezes while holding homework while another person looks out a window .
 A person picks up a pillow from a chair . Another person stands in front of them holding a camera .
 A person walks into the room holding shoes and wearing a blanket . the person opens a refrigerator door , closes it and plays with the shoes then snuggles in the blanket .
 A person is tidying a blanket on the bed . The person then takes a broom , cleans the floor and smiles .
 A person is laughing while looking out the window of their laundry room . The person is grasping a pair of shoes .
 A person sits in a chair and looks at a laptop . The person opens a book up and clicks on a mouse . The person turns the light off and opens the door and leaves
 From the living room , the person could see the stove and cabinet in the kitchen . The person started walking into the kitchen , putting the broom in the corner .
 A person is tidying up their closet . The person rearranges the clothes and starts to vacuum the floor in the closet . The person picks up a broom , turns off the light in the closet , and walks out of the closet .
 A person is tidying the house by sweeping a broom across the stairs . They are standing on the stairs with a light hanging above them .
 A person stands in front of some shelves in a closet looking at his phone , then takes a picture of an item , puts it back on the shelf , closes the cabinet door and walks away .
 A person undressing in a basement opens a bag while a television plays in the background .
 There is a person walking down a hall and they look out a door . That same person then sits down , starts to eat a sandwich and takes off their shoes .
 There is a person standing in a room . That person picks up medicine off the table and opens it . There is another person in the room looking at a cellphone .
 A person closes a phone and then takes a laptop from a shelf , leaving homework unattended .
 A person awakens in a chair , with a book on their chest . The person takes a glass of water from a nearby table and takes a drink .
 A person smiles as they read a book on the sofa . The person begins laughing hysterically .
 A person picks up a laptop off of a shelf they walk over to a chair and sit down and begin watching a video off of the laptop .
 A person is bending and taking a picture frame , then sits on a bed , and admire the photo , turns it up and side ways and look at it .
 Person is sitting at a chair watching television with his arms crossed then grabs a blanket and folds and and places it on a clothing wire .
 A person is eating a sandwich and looking at a book then they walk out of the room and turn on a light in another room .
 The person had a blanket on their back as they cleaned the door with a rag . The person then walked to a mirror and began cleaning it as well .
 A person sitting on the couch , legs stretched out with a laptop on them , watching TV , reaching to fix hair and looking up .
 A person takes some food to a table in their living room . They put a towel on the table before they set the food down on top of it .
 Person 1 is standing in the doorway to the laundry room . They are taking off their shoes very slowly , one at a time , and then putting the shoes on a small table next to the washing machine . Person 1 then starts sneezing .
 A person holding a glass goes over to a stove and moves a pot around , then the person walks back to a kitchen table and sits down , then the person gets up and walks away .
 A person enters the room and opens up a cabinet and gets several cans out and puts them on the counter . Then they turn on the faucet and wash their hands .
 A person is flipping through a book vigorously . They then check their watch and realize it is time to go . They pick up their lunch and leave the room .
 A person is standing in their garage holding a pillow and a book . They leave the room .
 The person was in the study , watching the football game . The person put the food bag on the table and poured themself a beer .
 The person wakes up and turns on the television with a remote , watches television , and then gets out of bed .
 A person is washing their window , then the person starts undressing and puts their cloths on a shelf .
 A person sitting in a chair , puts on their shoes , picks up some papers off of the table , and across the room , opening the door , and walking out .
 One person grasps some homework from a bag on a table , then closes the bag and starts tidying up the table while smiling and laughing .
 A person is laughing in the garage while holding a glass of water in their left hand and a blanket in their right hand .
 A person turns the doorknob , opens the door , and walks into their home . They stand in the doorway of their entryway . The person places a book on the table and begins eating candy from the candy dish .
 A person is standing in the kitchen eating some food off a plate . The person then picks up some towels and begins throwing them onto the floor .
 A person climbs a few stairs to sit in a chair halfway up the stairway . They sit down and take several drinks from a glass they have in their hand .
 A person is tidying up the kitchen while holding a broom . The person turns the stove on and prepares from food .
 A person opens a bag , takes their laptop from inside , and begins working on homework . The person gives up and begins playing a game .
 A person is standing in the room holding a sandwich . The person eats some of the sandwich , then picks up a blanket off the floor and walks out .
 A person wiped his hands with a towel . The person then put the towel on a table . The person then grabbed a bag off the table then walked out .
 A person is holding a coffee and a bag in the entryway at home . They put the coffee down on the table , and close the front door .
 A person sits in a chair and makes a sandwich then stands to put the sandwich on the counter and begin cooking on a stove . the person then opens a cabinet and collects an item off of a shelf and puts it near the stove .
 A person sits down in a chair next to a bed and begins to use their cell phone . They do not move from this spot , and stare at the phone while fidgeting in the chair .
 A person is sitting in a chair at their desk working on their laptop and laughing , they then get up and begin to sweep the floor .
 One person is fixing coffee to drink . The other person walks to the sink and puts a glass in it .
 A person awakens on a couch . The person stands and grabs a bag from the table and a laptop before leaving .
 A person is holding some homework . The person is leaving the room and turning off the light .
 A person is standing by a stands in the dining room and takes clothes off the table . Another person walks in and gives them a picture .
 A person held their cell phone , then folded three items of laundry , then moved a pink blanket over to the side of a couch , then turned and looked at a television .
 Person walks over to the bed take clothes out of a box put the shirt on close the box and toss it .
 A person throws a box onto the table . The person then picks up a picture from the table and begins to laugh .
 A person runs into a bathroom and starts washing the mirror then moves a bunch of things around on the counter .
 A person opens a cabinet in their entryway , and removes a pillow . The person places the pillow on a nearby chair , and closes the cabinet .
 This person picks up a bag , pulls something out , and begins looking at it , then throws it on the floor .
 A person is eating a sandwich on a plate and holding a pillow standing next to a broom .
 A person is standing still in a kitchen , holding a picture . After a few seconds , the person smiles while holding the photo .
 A person is sitting in a chair with a plate on their lap , eating a sandwich . The person takes several bites and then grabs a glass of water on a table to their side . They take a drink .
 A person opens a window and looks out of it . They then close the door to their bedroom and start folding a towel .
 A person is playing with a pillow . A person is smiling as the person watches her , leaning on a table .
 A person is washing their hands at a sink in a bathroom . The person is smiling . The person takes a washcloth out of a box and dries their hands . The person turns off the bathroom light .
 A person is in a living room playing with a book and flipping through the pages , they then leave out the door .
 A person is standing in front of a close closet holding a cup of coffee and a camera . The person sneezes and then puts the camera in a pocket . The person then begins to move things around on a shelves in the closet .
 A person takes off their jacket and places it down on something , then takes off their shoes . They pick up a broom and walk to another room .
 A smiling person is dressing in a laundry room . They grab a laptop off a shelf and leave .
 A person is drinking water after taking medicine and then tidying the steps with a broom on the stairs .
 A person walks to their couch , sits down and takes off their boots . They lay back on the couch to relax and their dog jumps on them and they pet it .
 A person in the entryway is playing on their phone while using the camera feature on their phone . They are smiling because they think it is funny . Eventually , they decide to take a picture of some food next to the sink .
 A person tidies the dishes on the kitchen counter , then sits in a chair with a cup of coffee watching their laptop .
 A person runs and then throws something into a coach . Then leaves again .
 A person is eating a sandwich while sitting on the stairs . The person puts the food down , and quickly runs down the stairs .
 A person is standing in the kitchen in front of their stove , turns a knob on the stove , then stirs the contents inside of a pot . The person then picks up a cell phone from the counter next to the stove , looks at the cell phone and then laughs .
 Person is standing in bedroom and grabs a pill from a pill bottle . Person opens a bottle of water . Person pours water in glass and drinks it while taking pill .
 A person in their recreation room is eating some food while drinking some coffee . They are playing with a book and seem pretty uninterested in the actual contents of the book .
 Person walks in room , picks up shoes from floor , puts it in box , stands up , picks up blanket , put blanket on chair and walks out room .
 A person is tidying up some dishes . They take hold of the door and start closing it while smiling .
 A person is sitting on a sofa eating cereal . The person drinks all the milk from the bowl . Then the person gets up and sweeps the floor with a broom .
 A person is taking things out of a cabinet and another person is cleaning a television screen .
 A person fiddles with a vacuum cleaner for a few moments before turning around to pick up a blanket and snuggle inside of it .
 A standing person is talking on the phone , puts the phone on the chair , takes off their shirt , then looks through some other shirts .
 A person is lying on the floor eating a sandwich . The person gets up and walks down the hallway to turn off the light , then picks up a pile of clothes off the floor .
 A person sits at a desk using a laptop . The person looks at a plate of food , picks it up and gets up from their chair to walk away .
 A person is sitting on the sofa wrapped in a blanket , they then decide to eat a sandwich while working on homework .
 A person is sitting in a room holding an external hard drive and a textbook . She then puts them on the counter , gets up , and walks away .
 The person is sitting with their head on the table . They lift their head and get up from the chair and walk away .
 A person picks up a pillow , fluffs it and puts it onto a couch , then lays on the couch with it under the person 's head .
 One person opens a cabinet with dishes on a shelf , then closes it . Another person in the doorway throws a book .
 A person opens a door and walks into the room . The person opens the drawer of a dresser , takes out a pillow and throws it .
 A person sitting at a lap top and desk .The person is working on the computer.The person gets up and halfway closes the top on the computer.The person proceeds to leave the room
 A person is standing and taking off their shoes . The person picks up the shoes and places them in a closet . The person picks up a glass and drinks some water .
 A person sits on a bed reading a book and eating from a box . A cat walks up and the person smiles at it .
 A person goes and sits on the sofa and puts a pillow in their lap . That same person then uses the remote and cuts on the television .
 Person is lying on the couch in the living room enjoying a good book . Person begins to snuggle with a blanket and kicks off shoes before falling asleep .
 A person is laying on a bed using the remote control to change the channel on the television . He then takes something out of a case and throws the case on the floor .
 A person is in the office watching television with a blanket and a book on their lap . The person smiles and throws the book on the floor .
 A person is laying on the couch wrapped in a blanket . She gets up and begins to eat some food that has been sitting next to her .
 A person holding a box is walking into the pantry . They put the box down , open it , and take out some clothes from it .
 A person is sitting on the floor in a hallway . They clean 2 pair of shoes . They then look at and hug a picture .
 A person holding a dish and some food walks into the room and stands next to the window . They pour the food into the dish .
 A person is standing in the doorway , holding a box . The person walks over to the sink , puts the box down , and begins washing the glass in the sink .
 Person ran to a living room stoped and jogged a little walked to the wall touched picture on the wall moved the pictures to adjusted it .
 A person walks into the closet and turns on the light . The person is eating some food and drinking a glass of water .
 A person is sitting on a couch while playing on their laptop . After eating from a bowl , they sat the laptop down beside them , place a pillow in their lap , and begin writing in a notepad
 A person is holding a camera and walks over to a countertop and picks up a tool and starts working on the camera .
 A person opens a bottle of medicine and looks inside . They throw the medicine in the sink , sneeze , and walk away .
 A person is grasping a bottle of medicine , then putting on shoes and then smiling into a mirror in a bathroom .
 The person is watching a program on his laptop . He sits on his bed , watches briefly , then gets up opens a door to get more lighting .
 A person is standing at the base of a stairwell taking some medication and then tries to vacuum .
 A person runs down the hall , throwing a blanket onto a chair as they pass by . The person goes into a room and closes the door behind them .
 A person holding a book and coffee smiles as a person on the sofa undresses and laughs .
 A person stands in the doorway of the laundry room grasping a box with a blanket on top they walk to the washer and put the blanket inside and start washing it .
 Th person walks into the room , sits on the bed , puts on shoes and then picks up a phone as they walk to the corner of the room .
 A person walks around a kitchen holding a bag of groceries . The person places the bag of groceries down on the table .
 The person begins the scene by staring out the window , sipping a cup of coffee . The person abruptly appears to make a decision , walks to the door of the office , opens it , walks through , and closes it .
 Person walks in kitchen , picks up broom , looks at it , throws it across the room , turns on stove , picks up spoon , grabs pot , starts stirring spoon in pot . Animal laying on floor moves head .
 A person is walking by a doorway and sits on the floor and has something to eat while another person who was sitting on the floor gets up and goes to another door
 The person is holding a box of dishes . She walks to the cabinet area and starts putting the dishes into the cabinet from the box .
 A woman is leaning over the bathroom sink and begins to thoroughly wash her hands before reaching for a towel to dry them .
 One person stands in front of a cabinet and undresses , then leaves with a book and a box .
 A person in their bedroom is putting their shoes onto their bed . They start eating some groceries that they find on some dishes .
 A person in their bathroom is eating some food while putting their shoes on . They eventually leave the room by turning the light off and grabbing the doorknob .
 One person lying near the doorway throws down a book and starts playing games on a laptop .
 A woman washes her hands in the bathroom sink , watching herself in the mirror . Then she walks over to the towel to dry her hands and holds her cup of coffee .
 A person is putting a broom in the pantry . They close the door , turn off a light , and leave .
 A person is in the laundry room they pour water into a glass with a straw they take a drink out of the straw . Then they put clothes into the washer , then they pick up a loaf of bread and look around .
 A person opens the door to a closet and throws a box onto a shelf while talking on their phone .
 A person retrieves items and places them on a table , then grabs a towel before opening a cabinet .
 This person is in the kitchen , stirs what they are cooking in the pan on the stove , then moves over to the shelf , picks up a bottle and then drinks .
 A person is sitting and reading a book . The person grabs a book from a nearby table . The person then stands up and walks away while holding both the book and the glass .
 A person is running from the doorway then holds a camera with standing completely still .
 Someone is sitting on their couch with a blanket . They grab their phone , fix the blanket into a pillow , and then they lay down on it .
 A person is sitting on the floor doing homework or something with a notebook , while a second person enters the area and begins to undress and also begins to sneeze .
 A person is opening a closet and taking some clothes out , the person then takes the clothes over and puts them in the washer .
 A person was running through the doorway with dishes that needed to be washed immediately after dinner .
 There is a person looking through a bag that is in the floor . That same person then checks their phone and leaves the area .
 A person is standing in a room watching the television . This person is also drinking something while watching .
 A person is washing items in the laundry room beneath a picture on the wall . They are watching something on a laptop as they do their chore and they laugh at something they 're watching .
 A person sits on their bed eating food . After eating the food the person falls back lying on their bed drifting off to sleep .
 A person is sitting in a chair taking medicine out of a box . He takes a drink of water out of a glass and then takes the medicine , then takes several more sips .
 A person runs into the recreation room , turning the light on . The person closes the door behind them , and locks the doorknob .
 A person is holding a box . Another person sets their backpack down on the floor .
 A person is sitting in a chair then goes over and picks up a book another person is drinking a glass of water .
 A person is walking around using a vacuum , then bends to reach under a chair and throws a pair of shoes from under there into the corner of the study .
 A person walks into the bedroom carrying their coffee and sits down in a chair . The person kicks out there feet and starts drinking their coffee .
 A person is sitting at a table reading and eating a cookie . The person puts down the book , stands up , grabs a broom , and starts to sweep .
 A person is sitting on a bed , looking out the window . The person stands up , shuts the window and closes the curtains . The person sits back down on the bed and grabs a picture from the headboard . The person looks at the picture , then pull it close to the chest and hugs it .
 A PERSON IS SITTING DOWN IN FRONT OF A PANTRY FULL OF THINGS WHILE FLIPPING THROUGH PAGES IN A BOOK , HE PLACES HIS HAND OVER HIS FACE
 A person is grasping a sandwich in one hand while reading a book and laughing . They take a bite of sandwich and place it back down on the fast food bag .
 A person awakens in a bedroom . They toss off a blanket while sitting up , then grab some clothes lying next to them and get out of bed .
 A person holding a bag stands in the living room watching television . They walk closer to the television to get a better view .
 A person washes out a glass repeatedly in the sink while a child plays on a phone .
 The person is sitting in a chair lookng at computer monitors and then the person stands up and reaches for a book then sits back down and opens the book while glancing at the computer monitor then glances at the window and looks at the book while swinging back and forth in the chair and then the person stands up and put the book on the boxes while walking away .
 A person picks up a blanket from the floor , rubs it against something unknown puts it on top of a washing machine . The person then hangs their head and leaves .
 A person is grasping some dishes and running through the doorway . They place the dishes on top of a pillow .
 A person is walking to the refrigerator . Then , standing and smiling , the person begins throwing fruit from the refrigerator onto their desk .
 A person is standing in the kitchen and fixing the stove , and turns off the light . Another person is holding a laptop and playing with it .
 A person is sitting on a chair while taking off their shoes . Another person walks up and is looking at themself in the mirror .
 A person is snuggling a warm towel while running through a hallway . At the end of the hallway the person hangs their towel onto a light .
 A person is holding a glass of water . After taking a long drink , the person puts the glass down on a shelf and walks through a doorway .
 A person stands in front of a window and begins to clean a shelf . The person then picks up a pillow and places it on the ground .
 A person stands on the sofa while talking on the phone . The person falls off the sofa , quickly leaves the room , and returns with a bag of ice on their head .
 A person is tidying up a chair near some stairs by grasping some books and making a neat pile .
 A person is sitting in a chair , looking at a picture and wiping it with a small towel .
 The person opens a refrigerator to get food , putting it in a microwave . They then sit down at a table and start playing on their phone while the food heats up .
 A person walks over to shelf carrying a laptop and a cup they sit them on the shelf and open the laptop .
 The person walks out the door , holds a plastic bag , takes a towel to wrap a mug and holds the mug in the towel in their hands .
 The person turns the camera on , then walks across the room out of view of the camera and then walks back into the room holding some blankets and throws them on the couch and then walks into a different room , shuts the door and then opens it and walks over to the camera and turns it off .
 A person takes a pillow off a sofa and snuggles it then carries through a door to the outside/ The person opens and picks up a bag of from the floor there and carries both items back inside the house . Another person sleeps nearby , oblivious to the action .
 A person is sleeping in a small bed in a concrete room . The person wakes up and starts making the bed .
 A person walks into the kitchen where another person is pouring out a cup into the sink . Then the person with the cup places it on the counter and then on the shelf .
 A person is working on the computer while another person is standing behind him . The person standing is smelling his coffee while talking . The person standing is also holding a towel .
 A person holding some groceries sets them down next to the stove , then takes a sandwich from a plate and begins eating .
 A person grabs a bag and takes out a phone . The put the phone in their pocket and pour a glass of water and drink it .
 A person is eating cereal from a box . The person walks around the room and closes a kitchen cabinet door .
 two people are watching TV or playing video games . One stands up and uses a camera to take pictures of the other . Then the standing person walks out .
 A person in the kitchen is playing with the dishes instead of washing them . After a while of deliberation , they start taking the dishes into the sink .
 A person is sleeping sitting up at a desk they wake up and play on the laptop then they get up and leave the room .
 One person sits in front of a mirror grasping a handful of clothes from a nearby wardrobe .
 Person is standing in the middle of the room holding a book . Person then throws the book onto the desk . Person leaves the bedroom , turning the doorknob to open the door and turning the light off .
 A person , smiling , begins tidying the area around the doorway . The person pauses to look at a picture on the wall .
 A person is sitting in a bedroom snuggling a picture they just removed from an old box .
 a person lies a towel on the floor and then takes a book from a shelf before sitting down on the towel .
 A person throws a bag on the table then puts some coffee down .
 A person opens the door to a room , walks in , and closes the door . The person grabs a duster and a pillow . The person hits the pillow with the duster twice .
 A person holds his head in his hands and laughs . Then the person stands up , picks up a broom , kicks open a door , and exits .
 The person is sneezing in front of the laptop and then putting dishes on a table in the recreation room / man cave .
 A person is grasping an object , then putting it down and leaving it on a shelf , then the person is grasping their clothes and partially undressing .
 A person is undressing while the person holds the camera and snaps photos of him . The , holding their hand up , the person walks over to the wardrobe and opens it .
 A person is sitting on the floor and taking apart a vacuum cleaner . The person is talking to another person as they do this .
 A person washes dishes in a sink , then opens a bottle of medicine , pours some into a cap and takes a drink of it .
 A person is sitting on a stool and putting on their shoes . Smiling , the person crosses over to the window and puts their forehead against the glass .
 A person is taking a picture of themselves on their phone and then bending over and using a vacuum .
 A person is drinking water from a glass and puts a bag of groceries on the table . The person then begins cooking on the stove .
 A person is cooking on a stove then starts drinking juice from out of the refrigerator .
 A person stares curiously out of a window . The person then walks over to a sink and vigorously washes their face .
 Two people are snuggling on the sofa . One person is laughing and the other person is trying to work on homework .
 The person knelt on the bed and did something to the window . Then the person sat down at the desk , but their head down and took a nap . At the very end , they woke up .
 A person is sitting and snuggling with a blanket . The person is also reading a book . Another person is walking into the room and picking up a broom .
 Person grabs a bag of chips from the pantry and starts eating them in the kitchen . Person turns on television on the counter . While eating the chips the person pulls out some food and starts cooking it in a pan on the stove .
 A person is carrying a cup and jug . The person walks into the closet and places the jug into a safe . The person drinks from the cup .
 A person is snuggling with a blanket on a sofa and watching a video on a laptop while drinking from a glass
 A person is by the pantry they are putting on their shoes then they start running in place the stop pick up a mirror off of the table . Then they check their hair put the mirror down and start running in palce again .
 A person is sitting on a bed texting on a phone . Then they get up off the bed and touch a doorknob .
 A person is writing something in a book , throws the book , then another person gets a phone call .
 Person is in the bathroom grasping a broom and sweeping the floor . They turn off the light , and then leave the room .
 A person is sitting in the kitchen , leaning against the cabinets . The person stretches and reveals they are holding a camera . The person laughs at the camera , and then stands up .
 A person is undressing in the doorway of the bathroom and then washing the front of the cabinet .
 A person is playing with a broom while another person looks at a picture .
 A person throws a pillow on the couch and then grabs some papers from the table
 A person is smiling while holding a sandwich , they also look into a mirror at themself .
 A person is sitting at a desk . Another person is standing and talking and laughing on the phone . The person puts the phone away and walks out of the room .
 A person opens a box of food and sets it down on the counter . The person takes a pen paper and begins to write .
 A person is walking with a laptop . The person opens a cabinet and takes some food off the shelf . The person then closes the cabinet door .
 The person walks over to the door and grabs the handle and compares the house shoe to the flip flop on their foot and then looks at them and then tosses them on the floor and unlocks the door and walks out .
 One person runs into the bedroom eating something , then leaves with a laptop that was in a wardrobe .
 A person standing at a stove cooking.The person grinds pepper in the pot sneezes and than takes a drink of water .
 A person sits in a chair , folding towels . The person puts them on the table , takes out their phone , and begins playing with it .
 A person walks in a closes the door then the person takes off their shoes . The person picks up a remote and turns the television . The person pours a drink then drinks it . Next the person undresses by taking off a jacket then snuggles in a blanket while sitting down and watching television .
 A person is in a kitchen holding some dishes , they then stack them on a near by chair and walk away .
 A person runs into the kitchen from the hallway . The person then opens and closes the cabinet doors .
 A person washes a window with a towel . Another person takes a laptop from a shelf next to the television .
 A person is standing at the bathroom sink looking into the mirror and sneezing they walk over to the closet grab a couple of shirts fold them and close the closet door .
 A person is walking to a closet , grabs a blanket off of the shelf and throws it on the floor . The person then walks out of the room .
 A person clothes towels into a room . Another person is sitting at a table eating something from a bag .
 A person walks into the pantry and turns on the light . The person throws something onto the table and then walks out .
 There is a person that opens a cabinet and takes out a towel . There is another person who is picking up shoes and clothes off the floor .
 The person was closing the shower door as they reached for the towel . After dressing , they leave the room turning out the light on their way out .
 Person runs into the laundry room , picks up a towel , and begins to sneeze over and over again into the towel .
 A person is looking through a bag of groceries that are on top the stove . A person then opens the oven and takes out a pot . The person open backs the stove and put he tray back in .
 A person puts a sandwhich and a glass of water on a dining room table and sits on a chair . The person takes a bite of the sandwhich then begins drinking the water . After a few sips , the person puts the water down and smiles .
 Person holding a broom , person sweeps entryway repeatedly , person sets down broom , person sits on the floor in the entryway , person sneezes ?
 The person walked into the room and bent over in front of a shelf and messed with some stuff and then got down on his knees and picked up a book and opened it and then stood back up and started to laungh uncontrollably .
 A person stacks some dishes on the table , then pours some coffee into a glass . They drink the coffee , then sit down , place the coffee on the table and take some food from a plate and begin eating .
 A person sits on the sofa and opens a bag . Another person stands nearby holding a broom .
 A person grasps a box of dishes from the floor of the garage . Holding the box , the person looks around and leaves .
 A person is placing dishes into a cupboard . The person stacks two bowls on top of the dishes . The person walks away from the cupboard , yawns , and walks through a doorway .
 A person walks into the kitchen and puts trash in the garbage can before shutting the cabinet . Afterwards , the person walks over to the stove top , stirs some food , takes out a their phone , and takes a photo .
 A person opens the door and walks in carrying a bag of groceries in one hand . They put the bag on a desk then begin to tidy up the area next to a television .
 A person was sitting on a sofa with a laptop on their lap . The person was eating a sandwich and drinking from a glass while watching a video on the laptop .
 A person first walking towards a couch then picking up a magazine off a table . The person then opens the magazine to cover the bottom half of the person 's face .
 A person is holding a bag of clothes . They put the bag in front of a door while laughing .
 A person is picking books and other things off floor and another person also does the same . They then put objects on a table in an entryway .
 A person is lying on their bed in their bedroom . They get up and start pouring some objects into a bag , and then they put that bag into a box .
 A person in an entryway is unscrewing the cap of a plastic bottle and using a cellphone to take a picture of what is inside the container .
 A person is lying in bed underneath a blanket . The person eventually gets out of bed , tidies the blanket , sits back on the bed , and drinks from a glass .
 A person walks into the closet and moves a pair of shoes from a chair . The person then sits down in the chair .
 A person holding a plastic bag puts and item into the plastic bag then walks out of the living room
 One person is under a blanket on a small sofa playing at being asleep , while another runs into the room to grab a laptop .
 A person is sleeping on a sofa . The person wakes up and sits up . The person stands up and turns on the television . The person opens the blinds and looks out the window . The person takes a piece of pizza from a box and eats it . The person sits down on the sofa , opens a book , and reads it .
 A person is sitting on the sofa watching television with a blanket over their lap . The person is grasping a bowl of popcorn and taking one piece out at a time to pop in their mouth . The person puts the bowl of popcorn on the side table .
 There is a person sitting on the floor holding a pillow . That same person then puts a towel over their head and takes off a sweater .
 A person is smiling as they look at their camera at the table . They notice their shoes are untied and bend down to tie them but begin sneezing .
 A man is standing in the kitchen and removes some food from a storage container and then pours water from a pitcher into a glass and takes a drink . He then takes a bite of the food .
 The person is bending over in a chair . They reach in to a desk and remove a snack . They eat the snack .
 A person walks over to a television and turns it off . The person then puts a book onto their desk and sits down .
 A person was drinking something while walking toward a desk that held a laptop . The person sat down and looked at something on the laptop before opening and closing a desk drawer . The person continued to drink and look at the laptop for a little while longer before standing up and walking away .
 A person stands in the middle of a room watching a television , then uses a remote to turn it off and sits down in a rolling desk chair in front of a desk to read .
 The person was grasping the idea while at the desk sitting on the chair watching the documentary on the internet . The person was amused .
 A person is vacuuming their floor . Then they walk into the living room and sit on a couch while watching TV .
 A person is sitting on some steps while wrapped in a blanket . They stand up and walk up a set of stairs .
 A light is turned on and then a person walks into a room , closes a window blind , and sits down and starts playing with cards . Another person comes in then kneels down briefly . Both people then get up and walk away .
 A person jogs over to the door , turns the doorknob , opens the door and looks outside .
 A person standing in front of a closet is making motions with his arms and hand like he is looking for something on his body and then drinking it . Then he finds a bottle of water and drinks from it after opening the closet and standing halfway in it .
 A person is walking down the stair and throws his shoes off their feet . A person then starts talking on the phone and begins sneezing .
 A person is in a living room holding a bag , they then start tidying up all the clothes laying around and put the clothes into it .
 The person is laying on the bed . The person grabs a towel and throws it on the ground . The person sits on the bed . The person stands up and puts on a jacket .
 A person is playing with a phone or camera and putting on a jacket next to the door way .
 A person undresses their shirt and walks out a doorway . The person grabs bag and sits down on a chair . The person eats the food out of the bag .
 A person stood in front of a pantry , removed some bananas , bread , and a jar of a peanut butter , then put them back on the shelves , picked up a towel , folded it , and used to dust the pantry shelves .
 A person walks in and sets down a bag of groceries and starts drinking water until they sneeze spraying water everywhere .
 A person is sitting in a chair in front of a bed they are looking out a window they pick up a blanket off of the bed and throw it and continue looking out the window .
 A person sits in the laundry room , folding clothes . The person puts the stack of folded clothes on top of a pillow on the table .
 A person is standing in a staircase while snuggling with a pillow , and a second person is standing in the same staircase while fidgeting with a picture on the wall .
 A person walks into the bathroom and sets their sandwich down on the sink then turns on the water and washes their hands . They dry their hands and pick their sandwich back up and walk back out of the room .
 A person wrapped in a blanket and talking on a phone laughs as they take something from a medicine bottle and throw it on the floor .
 A person is holding a cup of coffee in the garage . The person sets the coffee down and picks up a book . After leafing through it for a moment , the person throws the book aside .
 A person sits on the stairs covered with a blanket . The person does homework while sitting on the stairs .
 A person is awakening in their bedroom , they stand up and start undressing their wardrobe holding their socks in their hand before reaching for the doorknob .
 A person is sitting in a chair and playing with a cardboard box . Then he takes out his camera and puts it oin the box before closing the box .
 The person enters the bedroom , closing the door and sitting at the desk . As the person begins undressing , they look seductively at themselves in the mirror
 The turned on the camera and then sat town on the sofa . The person ate food , got up , and turned off the camera .
 Two persons are snuggling on their bed . One person reaches over , grasping for the remote , and the turns off the television . The other person grabs a pillow and playfully hits the first person with it .
 A person is smiling as they look at something on their camera . The person begins laughing hysterically . The person leaves the room through the doorway .
 A person is cleaning the floor with a vacuum . A person is cleaning a window with a towel .
 A person is dressing in the laundry room . The take a sip of coffee and laugh softly . They put down the coffee , fold a blanket , and then leave .
 A person is snuggling on the sofa . Then , smiling , the person walks over to look out the window .
 Person A is in the bathroom . Person opens the medicine cabinet and takes out a container of pills and a box of cotton balls . Person puts on bandage and dresses a wound on forearm .
 A person is standing on top of a car in a garage fixing a light while holding food in their hand .
 A person picks up the laundry soap , opens the washer , and begins pouring the soap into the washer . The person picks up their coffee and begins drinking it while looking at the light on the ceiling .
 A person is holding clean clothes and taking a hanger from a shelf . The person is grasping the hanger as the person puts a clean shirt onto it .
 Person grasping handle on cabinet to get mirror after getting mirror person starts walking away from cabinet .
 There is a person sitting on a bed looking at a magazine . There is another person standing up doing something with a phone . That same person then throws the phone on the bed .
 A person is sitting on some stairs eating something from a bag and smiling , they turn on a light .
 Person walk to the closet with a pillow in hand , takes item on the shelf and walks out the closet .
 Person A is in a rec-room throwing a small ball up and down . Person A stops and opens a box with a book and sits on the sofa and opens the book .
 A person stands next to a mirror in a doorway . They dress in a towel .
 A person enters a garage while eating a sandwich and holding a dish . They walk around the garage and laugh as they continue to eat their sandwich .
 Person A is sitting in a kitchen looking out the window watching a scene outside . Once bored , Person A opens a book and goes back to doing homework .
 A person sits on the stairs and begins to take dishes out of a box and put them on the step below him . Then he stands and takes the broom before leaving the steps .
 A person is folding clothes . They pick up a pillow and throw it on the floor . Then they bend down and pick up a camera off the floor and take a picture .
 A person stands in a kitchen , pouring coffee from one cup to another . Then the person stands at a stove , cutting up food into a skillet .
 A person is in the kitchen using a laptop while cooking at the stove . The person opens a container , takes something out of it and compares it to the computer .
 The person is sitting on the couch in front of a coffee table . The person is snacking while watching TV . The person cuddled up in a fuzzy colorful blanket .
 A person is lying on the floor , reading a book . The person sits up , stands up , walks to the door , and opens it .
 A person is sitting on a sofa at a desk . The person opens up a laptop . The person then opens and eats a bag of food from a bag of groceries while looking at the computer .
 A person sits down on the floor with a blanket in their laptop . The person throws the blanket out of camera view .
 A person is standing in their laundry room holding a plate of food . The person sits on a chair and sips a cup of coffee .
 A person shuffled a magazine on a table . Another person walked over to a counter and opened a grill . The person then opened and closed a cabinet . The person then opened and closed the grill again .
 A person is laughing while taking books off of a shelf . Another person is standing nearby and smiling at the first person .
 A person standing in an entryway drops pictures on the floor . Another person standing nearby plays with their phone .
 A person drinks from a cup before putting the cup on a counter . The person then straightens items on the floor , picks up a broom and begins sweeping .
 A person is opening a window in the bathroom then they get the vacuum and start vacuuming , then they pick up the vacuum .
 A person is fixing the light on the wall . Then , laughing , the person walks over to the sink and washes their hands .
 A person is opening the door and taking off their shoes . Another person is holding groceries and carrying them through the hallway .
 A person playing with a broom in the living room suddenly decides to begin snuggling with a pillow .
 Two people in a room are standing and talking . One is folding a sweatshirt and the other is pointing and laughing at the person folding the sweatshirt . Both people are smiling and laughing when the sweatshirt is folded .
 A person walked into the dining room taking a cup of coffee and a glass with the person . The person put the cup and glass down on the table .
 A person was holding a bag which he then opened . The person then examined several items from the bag before putting it on a table . The person then grabbed a blanket and sat down in a chair . The person snuggled with the blanket .
 Person A wakes up from a nap in the living room . Person A looks at a sandwich earlier prepared on a table next to a vacuum and takes a drink of a glass of water .
 A person is sitting on the sofa holding coffee , while another person is sitting quietly .
 A person is eating from a bag of groceries in a hallway then starts playing with a vacuum .
 A person walks in and sits down in a chair . The person starts shaking something and seems to tidy something on a desk .
 A person puts clothes and a blanket into a washing machine and then pours detergent in . They close the lid of the washing machine and then leave .
 A person walks to they 're sofa and sits down with a remote control in their hands and plays a game with it . They set it down on the floor to grab a cup and take a sip . They set that on the table and pick up a box from the sofa and open it to pull out shorts .
 A person is leaning against the wall holding a magazine . They sit down on a couch and put the magazine on a coffee table . They put the magazine in a drawer under the coffee table , and then they get out a book and put it on the coffee table .
 The person put away the dishes in the cabinet and then closed the refrigerator and walked away .
 A person is sitting on a couch and looking at both sides of a shoe box . The person opens the box and pulls out an envelope and three video game controllers .
 Person comes into the room walking around and around looking for something while smiling .
 A person eats a snack and then pours water into a glass on a washing machine . The person then looks out a window and puts the glass on a shelf .
 Two people are cleaning a room . One is sitting and wiping the wardrobe before standing up . At the same time , the other person is using a broom and smiles at the camera .
 A person is sitting on the stairs in a chair with a laptop on their lap . They close the laptop and pick up a sandwich off of a ledge and eat it . Then they put the sandwich back on the ledge .
 A person is taking a medicine bottle and laughing as the look at themselves in the mirror .
 The person is sitting in a chair with his legs crossed and is reading a book and smiling and laughing .
 A person was standing by a running washing machine . They open the washing machine , throw in a blanket and a pillow case , and start the cycle again .
 A person is standing on the stairs with groceries , and another person is sitting on the stairs with a blanket laughing .
 A person is in a room taking sips from a cup . After they are done with drinking from the cup , they sit down and begin reading a book
 A person is standing by the stairs with a laptop in one and and a pillow in the other hand . They are grasping onto both of the items very carefully .
 There is a laptop on the small phone desk in the hallway . A person , standing , is laughing and smiling while talking on the landline .
 A person is sitting in their laundry room on a chair . They are holding a glass of water in one hand and they pull out a camera to take a picture .
 A person opens the refrigerator and takes something out . They place it on the counter and then start cooking on the stove .
 The person is fixing their hair , when finished the person picks up a book then let 's the dog inside .
 A person stands in a doorway holding a pillow in one hand and a towel in the other .
 Person snuggles on the sofa . They are playing a game on the phone as the tv is on in the background .
 A guy walks up to sink . He begins pulling the blanket he 's wearing up away from his hands . He ties it up a bit . He turns the water on , washes the glass , sets it to on the counter , turns the water off , shakes his hands a bit , and turns and walks away .
 A person walks into the room holding something , the person sits down on the couch and sneezes a couple of times , the person puts something on the nightstand , then the person gets up and walks out of room
 A person takes off their hoodie with phone in hand . The person takes off their socks and puts them on the dryer .
 A person in the bathroom is smiling while holding a camera to take a picture of themselves . They are standing up and in the picture , a glass of coffee is visible .
 A person is drinking a bottle of water and eating a sandwich as they are heading to exit the house . They take the last bite of the sandwich and put their hand on the doorknob to leave , but suddenly sneeze .
 A person is tidying up their house by sweeping the stairs with a broom . They notice a spot on the stairs they can not sweep up . The person fetches a rag off a table and washes the spot away .
 A person is standing in the bathroom getting dressed . The person looks in the mirror briefly , then takes a bottle of medicine out of a box and puts it into the medicine cabinet .
 A person walks down the hallway , undressing . The person picks up a bag of groceries and drinks from a glass of water .
 Person is sitting watching television when he throws a pillow on the floor and walks down the hall to begin gather clothes .
 A person answers the phone and talks for a few seconds while drinking from a cup before finishing call and hanging up .
 A person in a hall smiling and laughing bends over and picks up a box.The person carry 's the box to another room .The person shakes the box .
 A person is tidying up in an enclosed bathroom with a broom . The person grasps onto the nearby doorknob to open the door .
 A person picked up a glass off of the counter top and proceeded to fill it with tap water , then she placed the glass in the freezer and began to watch something on a lap top that was sitting beside the sink .
 A person waking up , covered in a blanket . They throw off the blanket , and run over to the window to look outside .
 A person is standing in front of the closet and undressing . They throw the clothes in the closet , take out a vacuum , and walk away smiling .
 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom when they are done they pick up a pillow and snuggle with it then they leave the room .
 One person throws a book to another person who is eating food with a stack of homework and dishes nearby .
 After entering the bathroom , a person looked in the cabinet , and began smiling when they found the box with the medicine in it . They then threw the bottle of medicine across the room .
 A person is sitting at the table and playing with something . Another person comes into the room and opens the fridge and looks inside it while speaking to the other person .
 The person was in a hallway standing up , then he benst his knees covered his face with both of his hands stood back up bents and cover his face again , stood up and then laying on the floor with a bag under his head .
 A person walks through a door and into a room . As the person enters , they sneeze three to four times , and then turn on a light . After this they sit in a chair and begin to adjust their shoes .
 A person retrieved laptop from a table stands for a few seconds then has a seat in a chair and continues on laptop .
 One person sits working on a laptop laughing . A book is next to the laptop .
 A person is siting at a table and eating some food while using a laptop computer , and then the person stands up and puts the laptop away .
 A person walks in to a kitchen and picks up a piece of paper and starts sweeping the floor with the paper .
 One person starts tidying up a shelf full of shoes and pictures , then runs out of the room , grasping a light on the way .
 Person is sitting watching TV with a blanket . They sneeze and then take a drink from a cup on their counter . After that , they get up and leave the room .
 A person is taking a book from a shelf and then sitting down on a chair and reading through the book . The person closes the book and places it back on the shelf .
 A person is sitting at a desk eating an apple and then they stand up to clean the cupboard with a towel .
 One person is sitting at the table in front of a Happy Birthday sign , laughing and talking on the phone . Next to the sitting person is a person standing , smiling and holding a bag .
 A person is throwing clothes down the stairs . Then a person is laughing while sweeping with a broom .
 A person walks into the room throwing clothes on a sofa and then they begin to sneeze uncontrollably .
 A person is sitting on the floor looking at a newspaper . They turn and grab a coffee cup and take several sips from it . Then they look up at the camera person and laugh .
 The person cooked a meal in a small pan with stirring . The person sneezed over the cooking vessel and then went to the refrigerator and opened it .
 A person throws a blanket on the sofa . The person then watches the doorknob to see if it will turn .
 A person enters a bathroom and takes something out of a box . They then put something back in the box .
 A person is at a dresser taking things off of the dresser and putting them in a box they walk over to the tv and change the channel .
 A person is standing in front of a pantry , drinking water from a glass . The person sets the glass down on a table , looks at their phone , then grabs some food from a shelf in the pantry .
 A person is standing in the dining room laughing . The person picks up a pillow off the floor and moves the vacuum out of the way whole eating a sandwich .
 A person is sitting on a chair in the kitchen . Another person runs by and hands them a pair of shoes which they place on the floor as the other person leaves the house .
 A person laughs at the food cooking on the stove . The person takes a towel and begins cleaning up the preparation area .
 A person is sitting at a desk working on their computer while holding a phone , they then eat a sandwich and pick up a towel from the floor and put it on their lap .
 There is a person sitting at a table talking on the phone . That same person stops talking and starts eating a sandwich .
 A person stands in front of a mirror . The person pulls something out of a drawer , looks at it and places it into a box .
 The person is sitting down looking through a book . The person puts the book away , stands up , picks up a blanket , and walks out of the room .
 A person is sitting and opening a dryer while holding a phone and laptop .
 A person goes fom standing to sitting and stares at something that is framed .
 Person is sitting on floor in front of low table , fluffing pillow . He folds it , puts it in a box and closes the box . He works on taping the box .
 A person is washing and putting their clothes away , as another person is by the refrigerator grabbing their medicine .
 One person is drinking some coffee while another person sits at a desk doing some homework , the person at the desk the grabs a sandwich and a glass .
 A person awakens on a bed . They sit up , put on their shoes then stand up . They walk over to a broom , pick it up and begin tidying the floor with it .
 A person is smiling and carrying groceries up stairs . The person grasps the handrail and pauses to smile in a mirror .
 A person is sitting at a table and fidgeting with a glass of water while a second person is using a vacuum cleaner behind the sitting person .
 The person is turning in a circle as if trying to get a good picture while holding a camera .
 A person is taking a phone book off a hall table . Then a person is opening it and dialing a phone .
 A person is talking on the phone and smiling and dancing and another person wraps themself in a blanket or towel .
 A person opens the pantry and begins putting their food in the pantry . The person finishes and puts their dishes in the cabinet .
 Person is sitting , taking off jacket , gets up , walks away , grabs a box of crackers , walks away , come back with a loaf of bread .
 A person in the hallway is dressing by putting a jacket on and then wrapping a towel on their head . They start drinking some coffee from a glass .
 A person walks to the window and stands looking out , then they wash their face and get a drink from the faucet , and finally get a phone out from under the cabinet and look at it and the mirror .
 A person is walking through a hallway sneezing , they then take some coffee from a shelf and walk through a doorway .
 A person watches television while working on homework at a desk .
 A person is in the laundry room folding laundry they reach up and turn the light on .
 A person , snuggling with a blanket , drinks a cup of coffee as they make their way across their entryway . The person throws the blanket down .
 Someone is sitting on the floor working on their laptop . They close it and grab medicine from a shelf and take it .
 The person is holding a towel . The person opens doors and wipes their face with a towel . The person then sneezed into the towel .
 A person walks into the room and lays on the bed . then they look in the mirror and take their jacket off .
 A person sitting on a couch types something on a computer . The person then stands up and places a book on a shelf underneath a television . The person then moves a pair of boots and opens a door .
 The person is walking over to the window while holding up fish oil and a red cup before turning off the camera .
 A person walks over to a table and picks up a cellphone . The person walks back across the room and picks up a vacuum cleaner . The person carries the vacuum across the room sets it down , plugs it in , and walks away .
 A person runs into their closet holding a broom . They tidy up and sweep the floor . They open the door and leave while smiling .
 A person opens a door and walks into a room , they put their shoes on the ground and stand in the doorway eating something .
 A person is in a laundry room , leaving a pair of shoes on the floor and drinking out of a glass .
 Person A is in a kitchen pouring a glass of milk . Person A puts the milk back into the refrigerator , takes a drink of the milk and grabs a nearby broom .
 A person is sneezing and walking into a kitchen , they then eat something and turn on a light then sit down in a chair .
 The person in the bathroom puts a stack of clothes down . The person undresses and smiles . The person turns and washes with water from the sink .
 A person sits on a sofa watching television . The person opens a bag of chips and begins eating them . The person then stands and walks out of the room , turning off a light on the way .
 A person begins to pour cereal down the toilet then plugs in the vacuum and begins to vacuum the floor .
 The person fiddled with the shoelaces of a shoe , put the shoe down , walked over to pick up a glass , and paced , shaking their head .
 A PERSON IS TAKING A CHAIR FROM ONE ROOM TO THE TOILET/POWDER ROOM AND CLOSES THE DOOR , FIXES THE CHAIR AGAINST THE DOOR HANDLE TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE THE OTHER PERSON FROM THE ROOM CAN NOT ENTER INTO THE POWDER ROOM
 A person is putting towels and blanket into a box . The person fills the box , seals it , then throws it in the corner .
 A person is dressing while watching television . Then the person walks to the table and begins pouring herself soda as the person begins eating a sandwich .
 A person reads through a book while leaning on a blanket on top of a dryer . The person continues to stand around and read .
 A person is running down the hallway holding a bottle of medicine and a blanket . The person sneezes and holds onto the doorknob of the closet door for stability .
 Person sitting on couch typing on laptop . Person touches screen and type again . Person then closes laptop , get up and puts laptop away in bag .
 A person in the living room is lying down while looking at a mirror . They start standing up while leaving the mirror on the ground and pick up a towel next to them .
 A person is standing by the doorway holding a plate of food , they then put the plate on a table and sit down on a sofa .
 The person is in the home office snuggling on the sofa while opening a book for homework .
 A person sat at a table , sneezed twice , then picked up a mug , examined it , and picked up a pill bottle and examined it .
 A person is sitting on the floor in their hallway , holding a phone . They stand up , pick up the vacuum cleaner and leave the room .
 A person opens a cabinet and gets some homework out . They set the cabinet down on a desk , sit down in a chair in front of the desk , and get a pencil and start working on it .
 A person is standing in bathroom playing on phone . The person reaches and grasps the doorknob then sits down on chair and keep splaying on phone .
 A young child sits at a table of homework and takes a long drink from a metal cup . When finished , he places it in a yellow tub containing other items including toys which he takes out and plays with .
 A person is walking into a bathroom . The person picks a phone off a counter and uses it to take pictures of their self . The person bends down to pull out a container to place the phone on . The person then sits down on the side of a bathtub to pose for another picture .
 Person is in room . Person smells cooking , Person opens doorknob . Person hears laughing . Person closes door , sad .
 A person is tidying up the stairs with a broom then another person leaves a box on the floor and leaves .
 A person is putting on some clothing . A person is also sneezing . Lastly , the person is walking .
 A person is opening a door . A person then takes a broom and puts the broom away .
 Man opens up the refrigerator looking for something , then grabs something and pops it into his mouth .
 A person is getting a book off of a shelf . A person then picks up a pillow and snuggles with it on the sofa .
 A person is standing in the doorway looking into their bedroom and noticing that a blanket belonging on the bed has fallen on the floor . The person laughs briefly before picking it up , laying it down on the bed , and then sitting on the bed themselves .
 A person pours something into a cup then the person sits down on the floor with a book and begins to sneeze .
 A person is drinking from a cup . The person puts the cup down on a table then looks at their laptop . The person walks to a door and closes it .
 A person is pouring some coffee from a pot into a cup , they then drink some then grab some homework and begin looking at it .
 The person is lying down and drinking something and watching TV . They lean forward and then lean backward again into a pillow .
 A person is eating at their desk . The person looks intently at a picture at the corner of their desk , and takes a drink of their coffee .
 A person is standing in the doorway of a laundry room holding a mirror and watching a video on their phone . They sit the mirror on a table and drink from a bottle of soda .
 Person opens the door and begins walking towards the sofa . Person then sits down and consumes a small amount of food then falls asleep .
 A person in a living room walks over and picks up a phone . The person appears to be texting for a few seconds . The person then puts the phone down and walks away .
 A person is walking on the stairs putting a towel on a light .
 A person sits down on the floor to take some sandals out of a box . After that they scoot forward and take off their sweater and throw it up on the bed . Finally they stand up again .
 A person is sitting on a bed in a dorm room , reading a book . Afterwards , the person picks up a glass of water and drinks it . After they stand up , the person puts down the glass .
 A person walks over to the refrigerator in the kitchen and opens it . The person takes out a dish . The person puts it on the table .
 A person sitting in a chair snuggles a pillow . They stand up and snuggle it some more , and then sit back down in the chair , still snuggling away .
 A person is standing next to their desk , scribbling on their homework . A second person walks in with a vacuum and uses it on the floor while watching the first person . The second person motions to the first person to move over so second person can vacuum that spot .
 A person is standing on a stair in the stair case and removes their shoes and throws the shoes down to the bottom of the stairs .
 The person is throwing clothes onto the floor while the other person is stirring food on the stove .
 Two people are standing in a hallway . One is holding some medicine . He puts a pill in his mouth and drinks from a cup while the other one has their hand on a doorknob . The person with their hand on the doorknob opens the door and reveals a bathroom .
 A person is in a kitchen tidying up with a broom , they then open a food container and start eating .
 Person sitting on the sofa , a person walked in picked up a bag pack looked inside the bag got something out , sat on the sofa next to the other person and they looked at the thing .
 A person runs through the kitchen doorway , stands there for a moment , grabs a pair of shoes , then leaves .
 A man is removing his shirt and walking around while another person is stooped over a shopping bag , removing groceries and putting them on a towel .
 One person grasps a pillow from a chair and starts playing with it , then puts the pillow down .
 A person is holding a sandwich while working on some homework , tehy then begin to put dishes away on a shelf .
 A person is opening a bag in the closet . They pull out a picture and start fixing the frame .
 A person sits down at a desk and picks up a picture to look at . While looking at the picture , the person sneezes four times and grabs a towel to sneeze in . After the sneezing , the person puts down the towel and the picture and gets up from the desk .
 A person in their laundry room is taking their clothes and placing them on a desk . They start running around after they are done doing that .
 A person is grasping the handrail up the stairs , with a towel draped over their shoulder , and a broom in the other hand . They start tidying up on the stairs with the towel and broom .
 A person is looking in the closet . The person then gets a book , and throws the book in the closet . The person then begins looking out the window . The person then begins tidying up the curtains by the window .
 A person runs down the hallway holding a book . The person throws the book on the floor and grabs the doorknob to the bedroom .
 There are two people in this video . One person is talking on the phone while the other is pulling clothes out of a bag .
 A person is tidying the clothes on the sofa and then watching a video on a laptop in a living room .
 A person lying in bed a sleep . Jumps up walks to the light switch turns lights on . Proceeds to the window , looks out the blinds turns and leaves the room .
 A person stands in the doorway and looks at the dishes on the shelf . The person picks up a bag off the shelf and takes a bottle of medicine out of it . The person fixes some of the dishes and leaves the room with the medicine .
 A person runs into a bedroom holding a sandwich , then takes a bite of the sandwich then throws the rest away in a garbage can , then turns a light out and leaves the room .
 The person was laying on a sofa covered with blanket , sit up poured a coffee to a cup drank some of the coffee .
 a person sits on some stairs with a camera and takes a picture of themselves , they then smile and grab a book then begin tidying up the stairs .
 A person is sitting on a chair next to a table . The person takes a sandwich from the table , eats the sandwich , and puts the sandwich back . The person then takes off a vest , and begins working on a laptop , also on the table .
 After removing his shoes , the person stood abruptly and threw his book and homework in the corner eager to be done with school for the day .
 A person sitting on the floor washes a mirror with a towel . They then pour something out of a bowl .
 A young person is slowly walking down stairs while carrying a bottle . Near the bottom of the stairs the person appears to sneeze and drops the bottle .
 A person is opening the door to the bedroom . The person is standing by a pile of clothes and puts a blanket on top of the pile .
 Person picking up a blanket off the floor in the hallway , wraps it up , and the carries it into another room .
 The person is walking back and forth with a cup in the hand while drinking from it and smiling . The person is also removing its shoes without bending .
 There are two people in a bedroom , one of the people wearing a blue shirt is cleaning up some water he spilled while the second person in a black shirt is closing a door
 A person walks into the pantry and finds their laptop on a chair . The person closes the laptop , grabs it , and leaves the pantry .
 A person is tidying the entryway with a broom . The person finds a pile of dirty dishes , picks them up , then walks out of the room with them .
 The person was picking up clothes and putting clothes into a box . The person then did a little sweeping and fixed their hair .
 A person sitting on a sofa grabs a backpack and takes out their homework . The person tidies the homework and puts in the bag . The person drinks from a cup of coffee , and then grabs the bag and leaves the room .
 A person is standing in a doorway hugging a pillow . The person then picks up a bag , and throws it down the hall . The person gets the bag and throws it the other way down the hall . The person repeats both actions once .
 A person picked up a towel and folded it and set it on a counter top . The person then took an item from the counter top and opened a cabinet door . The person then put the item in the cabinet . The person then organized items on top of the counter before putting one of the items in a drawer .
 A person picks up the phone , turn around and open the door , looks inside and take out he broom from inside , looks at it and smile , then he turn around and turn the broom upside down , and start walking out of the room .
 A person is sitting down on the couch with a blanket then places laptop on a table and another person throws clothes on the couch .
 A person is using the vacuum to clean the sofa , and removing the cushions . The person is then throwing the cushions off the sofa .
 A person is leaning in the doorway of an office , eating something . The person takes out their cell phone , looks at it and puts it away .
 One person fixes a sandwich by the stove and starts sneezing , then leaves the room .
 A person is touching a doorknob and is trying to open a door . The person finally opens the door and goes into another room . Another person then gets out of bed and places a blanket on the bed . This person then finally puts on a shirt .
 The person holding the water jug is standing and and walking in front of a person sitting on a couch who is sipping from a cup .
 A person stands in the recreation room , holding a box . The person looks in the mirror and laughs .
 The person in the entryway is drinking a cup of coffee , while sitting in a chair in front of the door .
 A person takes a backpack off and sits in a chair . The person puts a notebook on the table and writes on them .
 A person is standing in the doorway . A person then takes off their shoes . A person then grabs a glass of water and drinks .
 AT THE BEGINNING THERE IS A PERSON SITTING AT A DESK , THEN SHOWS A DIFFERENT PERSON SITTING ON A BED TAKING A DRINK OF WATER AND SOME KIND OD MEDICATION
 A person is sitting in a chair , looking at a laptop . The person stands up and walks to a cabinet . The person opens the cabinet , removes a book , then sits back in the chair before opening the book .
 The person kept sneezing while vacuuming in the dining room from all the dust on the china cabinet while tidying the house .
 A person in the bedroom is playing with a pillow that they found on top of the shelf . They start working on something on their phone while snuggling up to the pillow .
 A person is on the ground rummaging through a large bag when they pull out a blanket and spread it across the ground . Another person is standing still above them , watching and eating an apple .
 A person opens the door and enters the bedroom . The person takes off their shoes , holds them in the air , and waves them at the television . The person then walks through the room .
 Person using vacuum to clean floor , looks back , then places vacuum in corner , sits on chair , then watches animal walks in room and walks out .
 Someone walks out the room and runs back in . They open their wardrobe and grabs a purse and sets it on their dressing . Then , they take off their jacket .
 Upon awakening , someone got out of bed and walked towards the window . Person could see men working on a pot hole on the street below . Person grabbed a camera and took a picture of the workers below . One was cute .
 the person in the video is holding their head the whole time . After a while , the person sits down while another person puts a camera on top of the fridge
 A person walks into the room and opens the door to the refrigerator and looks in . They close the door and walk over to the sofa and sit down to play a video game .
 A person is sitting in a chair holding a cup and a phone . They drink water from the cup .
 A person is walking down a hall then stand in a doorway and begins laughing , they then pick up a mop and begin to mop the floor .
 A person walks into the bedroom holding a stack of clothing , they put the clothing down walk back to the door and close it they put away the clothing in the wardrobe and then lay down on the bed .
 A person enters the dining room through the doorway , holding a laptop . The person puts the laptop down on the table and opens it .
 A person was walking down the stair while holding a broom . The person then walked into a room and set the broom up against a wall . The person then smiled .
 A person is washing their hands in the sink then starts tidying up the area around the sink with a cloth . The person throws a towel through the doorway .
 A person playing on their phone opens a door and looks inside the pantry . They then remove an object and walk away while playing on their phone . They pick up a book and leave the room .
 A person is standing watching television . Another person is sitting down working on homework that is on a laptop .
 A person is standing at the bottom of some stairs holding a cushion . They walk to the top of the stairs and put the cushion on a chair . Then they walk back down the stairs .
 A person is dressing in the bathroom . The person pulls their clothes from a bag , looks at the shirt , and laughs before putting it on .
 A person is standing in front of a cabinet in the laundry room . The person closes the cabinet door , smiles , then looks out the window .
 A person is at the top of the stairs fixing the stair rail . They then fix the light switch . Another person runs up the stairs , then down , and stops to pick up a book .
 A person is sitting on the bed , putting shoes on their feet . When they finish , they start playing with a camera , and take a picture of the shoes .
 A person walks up stairs into a house . They grab a towel and wipe their brow and walk through a second doorway .
 A person sits down while holding a sandwich and phone . The person begins eating the sandwich and looking at the phone .
 A person looks out a window , briefly picks up a phone , smiles , then picks up a glass off a table and takes a drink of water .
 I person walks into a living room and sits in a desk chair . The person reaches behind themselves and pulls a towel from the back of the chair . The person throws to towel towards the wall with a door and to towels gets caught on the door handle .
 One person washes and then closes a folding chair next to a vacuum . Then the person watches something over their shoulder .
 A person enters a garage from a door connecting to a house , drinks from a glass , stands and looks at his phone , then drinks again , and turns around an goes back into the house .
 A person is sitting at the table and putting his shoes on . Another person enters with a snack and begins eating .
 A person is holding a coffee cup , then the person begins cooking food on the stove .
 The person walked down the stairs holding a bag . The person sat on a stair and placed some shoes in the bag . The person walked back up the stairs .
 A person is standing in a room while holding a towel and sneezing into the towel .
 a person walks over to a shelf , picks up a book , and throws it while gesturing and laughing in a mischievous manner .
 A person is sitting on a rug on the floor playing a game on their phone . The person is also sitting on a pillow
 The person is sitting at a desk looking at papers . The person stands up from the desk and walks to the bed , picks up a laptop from the bed and walks out of the room
 Person is walking to box to put groceries in there , then starts closing box and starts sneezing .
 A person is videoing themselves while laying in bed without a shirt on then while getting up and walking to a closet where they turned on the closet light .
 People in a room one walking around with a dish in hand one holding a blanket in hand .
 A person is sitting at a dining room table and working on making clothes by arranging towels into a pattern .
 Person is standing by chair with box on it drinking water then starts sneezing .
 A person is sitting on a couch . They grab something and pour it in to a cup then put them both down and grab a pencil and start doing work or studying .
 A person is in a kitchen laughing as they view pictures from their camera phone , they then grasp the door to the refrigerator and opens it .
 A person stands in front of a couch in a living room area while holding a small hand towel and the person puts the towel down on the couch and walks away .
 The person put away various dishes that were laying on the stove . The person then opened up the refrigerator and organized the food .
 The person was holding the groceries while heading to the refrigerator . The person set them inside , and then proceeded to cook dinner on the stove .
 A person is walking and grasping a towel and then using a broom in a pantry .
 A person is snuggling with a blanket , then the person starts playing with a book .
 The people awake from a slumber on the bottom of the closet floor . A cup of coffee and some food are next to them . They ignore it , choosing instead to go back to snuggling , before leaving the closet and closing the door behind them .
 A person cooking on a stove examines the contents of a pot being used on one of the stove 's burners and then covers the pot with a lid .
 A person walks to a desk with food and then places a phone on it before eating and walking back to the camera
 A person is seen fixing at a picture on their refrigerator . They grab a glass from the table nearby and take a drink from it .
 A person , holding a book , looks out the window . The person laughs .
 A person is standing on the edge of a bathtub touching a light overhead . The person steps down from the bathtub , and fixes their hair in the mirror .
 A person in the bedroom is putting some clothes into their wardrobe . They are talking on their phone while smiling because the conversation they are having is humorous .
 A person opens the bedroom door , walks through , closes it , then lies down on the bed .
 A person awakens on the floor of their recreation room . The person , still lying there , grabs a dish of food from a nearby table and begins eating .
 A person is running in circles in front of the television . They stop , stand , take a bite of a sandwich , drink a sip of something , and then start running again .
 A person is putting food on a table and then throwing a ball through the doorway in the home office / study .
 A person is washing a shelf with a moist paper towel . The person crumples up the paper towel , throws it into a trash bag , and sits down .
 A person sits down on a chair while holding a pillow . They then take a framed picture and look at it before putting it back down .
 A person is playing on their laptop while sitting on the stairs . They decide to start undressing by removing their sweater and then start looking at a picture on their laptop .
 A laughing person is sitting in a dining room holding a box . They put the box on a table and stand in the doorway before leaving .
 A person sits in a chair and plays on the computer before tossing a broom back and forth .
 Person holding pillow and clothes , walks up stairs , then stops , sneezes three times and continues back upstairs .
 Person is tidying up bed fixing blanket and pillow . Another person is playing with shoes .
 The person walked into the bathroom and washed their hands . The person paused and looked at a picture hanging on the wall . They then dried their hands and left the room .
 The person used the mirror to unbutton a shirt and take it off then sneezed . The person opened the door then locked it and started to pull it shut .
 A person is standing in the pantry holding a box of food . The person sneezes and puts the food in the cabinet . The person grabs a blanket off the floor and leaves .
 A person is unlocking a door and opens it . Another person is at a table working on homework with a pen and paper .
 A person drinking a cup of coffee walks into a room . They sit down in a chair at a desk with a laptop on it and put the coffee on the desk . The open a cabinet .
 A person is sitting on the stairs , laughing while they look at their computer screen . THey are also holding a phone .
 A person walks over , takes a glass off a table , sips some while reading homework . The person then places the glass down and continues reading the homework . The person then walks away .
 A woman is stacking books from a crate onto her desk , then crouching on the floor to tidy her shoes and other items before running the vacuum cleaner .
 A person is turning on a lamp . The person fiddles with a doorknob . The person opens the door and locks it from the inside and closes the door .
 A person is at a stove cooking in a pan . The person then grabs a cup from the counter , takes a drink , turns and picks up a paper on the other counter while sipping from the cup and reads the paper
 A person is eating food while sitting on the stairs . A second person is taking a picture with a camera .
 A disgusted man open his pantry doors only to find them stuffed with food items and what appears to be prescription drugs . He picks up two and examines the labels , The then opens one to look at the contents .
 A person is standing and grasping a pan at the stove . Then they take the pan over to the sink .
 A person is sitting on the couch , and snuggling with a pillow . The person is also holding a controller , and playing video games while looking at the television .
 A person stands in front of some cabinets sweeping with a broom and turns to sneeze .
 The person was sitting on a cushion and took a drink from a beverage in a cup . The person continued to take several more drinks from this glass .
 A person takes his shoes of and throws them on the ground . They then pick up a plate and take a bite from a sandwich and sit the plate back on the table . They pick a towel up off the floor and throw it .
 A person gets food out of a bag and puts it into the pantry . The person wipes off their hands when they are done .
 A person is walking into a garage holding a pillow and a blanket , they then start laughing as they put them down on a chair .
 A person is sitting on the floor playing with a cell phone while picking up and drinking water . After finishing , the person gets up , puts a blanket in a box , and puts it on a shelf .
 A person is tidying up a cabinet in a bedroom . The person knocks a book to the floor . The person sneezes as they bend over to pick it up .
 A person is standing by the front door they turn on the lights ant the switch they walk into the kitchen and walk over to the fridge .
 A person is sitting on a chair , looking at homework and using a calculator . The person then takes a sandwich out of the bag and eats the sandwich .
 In a rush a person quickly opens the pantry door and throws cans of soup inside on the shelf . The last can of soup they 're about to put on the shelf , they pause and hold the can closer to their eyes and realize it 's not what they have bought .
 A person walks through a door carrying a bag . They place the bag on the floor and stand there looking at it with their hands on their hips .
 A man comes from a closet into the bedroom holding shoes . The man then pulls up the shudders over his windows and looks out before closing it .
 A person is sitting at a table , they rub something on their hands and arms and than stand up and move an object to another part of the table .
 A person is standing by a dresser looking into a box , while another person comes in takes the box away and leaves the room .
 Place walks in room grabs bag , hold bag , opens bag , takes clothes out and throws on couch , then throws empty bag on floor .
 A person is holding up clothes for inspection after they have taken them out of a box . The person then begins to dress themselves .
 A person is sitting at the table , drinking coffee from a glass while also reading a newspaper . After a few seconds , the person folds the newspaper , puts it down , puts on shoes , and walks over to the stove to cook from a pan .
 There is a person in the kitchen . That same person gets something out of the refrigerator and pours in a pan that is cooking on the stove .
 A person awakens on the sofa . The person stands up , looks in the mirror briefly , then walks out of the room .
 A person is cooking on a stove they make a spill and clean it up with a towel then they put the pan in the fridge
 One person puts groceries in a small refrigerator , then starts drinking and leaves , smiling at the reflection in the mirror on the way out .
 Person places a towel on his shoulder and paces around the room several times . Person then throws the towel on the floor and picks up a pillow and hugs it .
 A person is staring at a tv . The person walks away from the tv and enters a bathroom . the person takes off a sweater in front of the mirror .
 A person walks into a room and picks up a book bag off of a chair . The person carries the bag across the room , and then sits down on a floor/bed , opens the bag , takes out a laptop computer and opens the computer .
 While standing in the dining room , person could hear person cooking in the kitchen . Person arranged the dishes on the table for dinner . Person could smell the food that was being prepared .
 A person is laying or sleeping with the television on on the floor with a pillow smiling .
 A person is standing in their living room washing a window with a towel . When finished the person walks to the vacuum and vacuums the carpet .
 A person standing a with a towel wrapped around their waist .The person is getting dressed when anther person comes in to the room and get a couple of hats out of the closet and puts them back .
 A person walks up to a shelf and begins stacking and organizing items while another person watches in the background .
 The person picks up a picture and holds it to them and then looks upward . The person looks back down at the picture and stares .
 A person walks up stairs where another person who is playing on a cell phone is sitting .
 A person is wiping the the chair with a towel . The person picks up a broom and pretends it is a guitar
 A person is sleeping on the couch with a hat on his face . The person wakes up and starts using the phone .
 A person covered in a blanket is standing in the doorway of a closet , eating a sandwich and smiling .
 A person carries a pillow into a walk-in closet . They put the pillow on a chair then they sit on it . They pick up a book and some homework . They read the book while holding it in one hand and they hold the homework in the other hand .
 One person is cleaning and putting together a vacuum , and another person playing with their shoes .
 This person is opening a box and seems to be searching for something.The person also seems to be coughing a lot .
 A person is standing in the pantry putting the groceries away in their proper place on the shelves , and in the cabinets , smiling all the while .
 The person stands by the bed , holding a plate and drinking from a glass . The person switches hands , holding the glass and plate . The person begins to walk away .
 A person goes to a table , picks up a sandwich and eats some . The person puts the sandwich back , turns out the light and then goes out the door . The person comes back in the room .
 Person walks into a room turns on the light looks into the mirror another person on the bed doing homework .
 A person sitting at a desk , tries to lay their head down comfortably on a pillow on the desk .
 A person sitting in a chair works on a laptop . They place the laptop on a bed nearby and start reading a book .
 The person was fixing the cabinet light . The stopped , looked to either side , and then continued working .
 A person is sitting at a table in the kitchen doing homework . Another person is drinking coffee at the table and smiling .
 A person sitting in a chair answers a cell phone , has a brief conversation on the cell phone then gets up from chair , walks over to a pantry and puts a box on the shelf . The person then straightens out some items on the shelf .
 A person is putting away clothes and tidying wardrobe in the Closet / Walk-in closet / Spear closet .
 A person is carrying a box to a desk and taking items out of it and placing them on the desk . The person then proceeds to throw the box on the floor .
 A person runs back and forth in their hallway . They accidentally hit their foot on a small table , stumble and crash against the doorknob with their arm . They sit on the floor , grasping the damaged limb .
 A person in the basement is walking around while holding a book in their hand . They look down at their shoes and realize they are not matching , and so they start laughing .
 A person is drinking water from a bottle while looking at their phone and smiling .
 A person appears to be asleep on the floor . The person then wakes up , walks into the kitchen , closes a door to another room , then takes off their shirt and begins to eat a slice of pizza from a box on the stove .
 A person is laying down on a bed playing with a remove then turning on the television . The person then takes a napkin out of a box and wipes nose .
 One person pours a drink and starts drinking while another fixes a shelf and then leaves with a vacuum .
 someone standing in the kitchen smiling while holding a glass of tea
 A smiling person walks into a bathroom and closes the door . The person puts a towel on a shelf and leaves .
 A person is standing in the bedroom , holding a camera . The same person then puts the camera on the shelf and leaves the room .
 A person holding a bag of groceries opens it up and throws food onto the stairs . They then take a picture off the wall , look at it for a second , then snuggle it .
 A person walks into a kitchen , throws a pillow at the refrigerator , sits down in a chair , watches something on a tablet computer , gets up and walks away
 A person is walking through a door and begins laughing as they drop their homework on the floor .
 A guy is sitting in a chair with a blanket around him and he swallows some medicine and sneezes a couple times . Someone else is vacuuming near him at the same time .
 A person is playing a game at a desk covered in homework , and another person walks through with a bottle of medicine .
 A person is laying on a bed , then picks up a framed picture next to them and looks at it . They then put it back down on the bed .
 A person is sitting on a toilet while tying their shoes . They get up and pick up their homework off the table and walk out of the room .
 A person is walking through a living room sneezing they stop at the window and look out through the blinds , then they walk out the door .
 A person walks into the laundry room from the doorway , holding a pillow and blanket . The person puts both items in the washing machine and closes the door . The person then runs out of the room .
 A person is sitting in the bathroom doorway playing with their shoes . Grasping the door knob , the person stands up .
 A person turns a doorknob and goes in to a walk-in closet to select a shirt and a pair of shoes and they come out of the closet and start dressing themselves .
 A person is holding a plate with a sandwich on it . The person then picks up the sandwich and takes a bite of it . The person then puts the sandwich back on the plate . The person then picks up the sandwich again and takes another bite . The person then puts the sandwich back on the plate .
 A person opens the doors of an armoire and looks inside it for several moments before proceeding to close the armoire .
 A person laying on a sofa with a blanket over them in a living room takes a pillow from the floor and lays their head on it .
 Man going upstairs carrying a plastic container and leaving it on top of the stairs then going back down again .
 A woman walked in the line of view of the camera and took a sip out of a can , then walked out of sight .
 The person walks around the living room as they use the vacuum . After finishing vacuuming , they clean the pictures on the wall , before leaving .
 A person is eating a sandwich in a doorframe . He tidy 's his hair at one point .
 A person lying on the floor is holding a chair as another person uses a towel to clean a window .
 A smiling person walks into their bedroom and starts playing a game on their phone while sitting on their bed . They grab a bag and leave .
 A person runs and bumps a picture . The person straightens the picture and opens a door . The person walks through the doorway and closes the door .
 The person walks forward with a cardboard box in their hands . They stop and look down at the box .
 A person in a messy bathroom taking things out of a white grocery bag and inspecting each item before setting them down on the counter .
 A person is sitting in a chair in the garage putting on their shoes . The person sneezes and stands and walks back into the house through the door .
 A person is snuggling with a pillow and then sneezing into a phone in a basement .
 A person walks into the bathroom and holding their homework . The person sets the homework down onto a table .
 A person throws some food on a table then starts playing with a camera .
 A person standing in front of a mirror is getting dressed . They picked up a glass from the dresser in front of them and look at themself standing there , with a towel over their hair .
 A person is smiling as they undress , because they see they hung up a towel in the closet above the vacuum cleaner .
 A person closes a door , plays with the doorknob , then walks over to tidy up a bed and throw a pillow . The person then looks out a window .
 A person stands in the doorway , grasping a book . The person is watching something across the room .
 A person in a study is drinking a glass of water and puts it on the desk . They take off their shoes and begin washing them .
 A person is tidying some books on a shelf . The person pulls one book down , looks at the cover , and smiles . The person grabs a towel and wipes down the mirror on the wall .
 A person is standing in a hallway while a door slowly opens and the person shifts his gaze back and forth from the door .
 the little boy walks into the house from outside withe a laptop in his hand and another boy from in the hose is sneezing .
 The person entered the man cave and drank the drink from the refrigerator . The person then looked in the mirror and started laughing at the lie the spouse told them about not loosing any hair .
 There 's two people sitting at a kitchen table . One pours water into both of their glasses to drink . Both are eating chips or something off of plate . The one who pours the water also grabs something off the shelf next to him , opens it and starts eating .
 A person is standing with a sandwich they put the sandwich down and go over to the fridge and take a drink out of the fridge and take a drink of the drink .
 A person is sitting on the floor and putting a book in a cupboard . Then he reaches for his cup of coffee and he begins to take a drink .
 A person walks to stand by the door then the person begins to drink from a mug . The person puts the mug down then looks that their reflection in a mirror .
 A person is sitting at a table working on a laptop . After looking at the laptop for a few seconds , the person puts their foot up on the table and takes off a shoe .
 A person is walking around a room holding bags and a camera they put one of the bags down untangle the others put another bag down then tie up the last bag and put it down .
 The person in the video is starting to undress . The person removes a jacket , then the watch that they are wearing , then they removed their shoes .
 A person in their entryway dressing to go outside in the winter is grasping a cup of coffee and a book .
 Person is undressing and throwing clothing on chair while looking at phone .
 A person is walking down the stairs carrying a bag . They are sneezing .
 A person in a living room is laughing while tidying the table and then watching a picture .
 A person looks through a book . This person puts the book down , and begins to clean off the table .
 Person walks threw the door turn on the light pick up the pillows off the bed and adjust them .
 A person sitting down on the floor throws something in a small purse , then zips up the purse and stands up to walk away .
 A person is running and dancing through the room . The person peeks into a cabinet , picks up a towel , and then tidies the towel and throws it on a clothesline .
 A person runs inside excitedly with a sandwich in hand and pulls out their phone and has a conversation .